**Timeline:** 21st - 23rd Higsun (Shadowfell Time - Time flows sluggishly here)

**The Cold Awakening (Day 21 - 02:00)**
archie wakes up on the floor 
its cold 
why is the floor marble i thought it was wood 
he looks around everything is grey 
black white and shades of grey no color anywhere 
bowser groans next to him 
get off me you plumbing accident 
im not mario 
bowser stands up looks around 
where are we 
archie snaps his fingers to make a light 
*snap* 
nothing 
*snap snap* 
a tiny spark appears and instantly dies 
archie panics 
my fire 
where is my fire 
bowser laughs 
looks like you're out of fuel candle-man 
archie tries to cast a fireball he strains he yells 
nothing just a puff of cold grey smoke 
physics are wrong here 
entropy is high energy is low 
bowser punches a wall it cracks but no sound 
sound is dampened 

**The Butler & The Invitation**
they walk down the hall 
*The hallway is pristine, unlike the ruined manor they left. The walls are dressed in dark, velvet wallpaper, and the sconces hold cold, white flames that offer no heat. There is no dust. There is no life. The windows show a sky of swirling, bruised purple clouds and a landscape of dead, petrified trees.*
a toad in a tuxedo steps out of the shadows 
his skin is pale grey his eyes are red 
master cornelius is expecting you 
bowser roars 
who is cornelius i am king bowser 
the butler does not flinch 
the master does not like loud noises 
please follow me for the main course 
archie whispers to bowser play along i have no magic 
bowser grumbles fine but if the food is bad i burn this place down 
archie says YOU cant burn anything remember 
bowser says i have fists 

**The Dining Hall (Day 22 - Evening?)**
they enter the dining hall 
*This room is a mirror of the one in the Feywild, but twisted into gothic opulence. The table is long, polished ebony. High-backed chairs sit like thrones. The chandeliers drip with wax that looks suspiciously like coagulated blood. Seated around the table are figures of elegance and dread—vampires, shades, and pale nobles of the Onyx Hand.*
at the head of the table sits Orangus Cornelius 
a toad 
but tall 
orange skin (or it would be orange if there was color) 
sharp fangs 
he holds a goblet of thick red liquid 
welcome guests 
you are late 
archie gulps 
bowser sits down at the other end of the table 
nice place a bit gloomy 
cornelius smiles 
we prefer the term 'atmospheric' 
archie looks to the side 
sees a small table 
the kids table 
green t is there 
he is wearing a bib 
he looks terrified but he makes eye contact with archie 
he taps his spoon against the table 
tap tap tap 
morse code? 
no just nervous 
wait 
green t moves his hand under the table 
he flashes a gun 
a flintlock 
where did he get that 

**The Dinner Conversation**
servants bring out plates 
it is raw meat 
dripping 
bowser eats it in one bite 
good steak a bit rare 
archie stares at his plate 
eat mr miser 
it is rude to refuse a host 
i am not hungry 
cornelius stands 
you burned my greenhouse in the material plane 
that was rude 
archie sweats 
it was an accident rust monsters you know how it is 
cornelius walks closer 
i built that glass to hold the sunlight 
we do not get sun here 
you owe me a debt 
bowser stands up 
he owes you nothing frog-face 
sit down turtle 
or i will turn your shell into a soup bowl 
the vampires hiss 
weapons drawn 
archie stands up 
wait 
we can make a deal 
cornelius laughs 
what do you have that i want 
your magic is gone 
your friends are scattered 
green t stands up 
he has me 
cornelius looks at green t 
sit down pet 
green t points the gun 
i said 
he has me 
and i have the key 
what key 
the key to the anchor 
cornelius face drops 
seize him 

**The Standoff (Day 23)**
green t kicks the table over 
run archie 
bowser flips the main table plates fly everywhere 
vampires scream 
archie grabs a silver candlestick 
silver burns them right 
he swings it 
it connects 
the vampire hisses burns 
bowser tackles cornelius 
they crash through a window 
into the courtyard 
green t shoots 
bang 
a chandelier falls 
archie yells where is the exit 
green t yells the mirror 
we have to break the mirror in the attic 
but bowser is outside 
archie looks out the window 
bowser is wrestling a giant bat monster (cornelius true form?) 
go archie yells 
i will get the big guy 
green t runs to the stairs 
archie jumps out the window 
gravity is lower here 
he floats down 
lands on bowsers shell 
bowser bite his wing 
bowser bites 
cornelius screeches 
archie tries to spark a spell 
focus 
not fire 
light 
just a spark 
*fizzle* 
useless 
bowser throws cornelius into a statue 
the statue breaks 
it was hollow 
inside is a crystal 
purple glowing crystal 
archie realizes 
thats the anchor 
smash it bowser 
bowser winds up a punch 
cornelius recovers 
noooo 
he lunges 
time slows down 
green t appears at the window above 
he shoots 
the bullet hits the crystal 
*shatter* 
the world cracks 
color bleeds in 
red 
orange 
fire returns 
archie feels the heat in his hands 
he smiles 
ignite
24th shadeward
markop yells to bowser get out of there he punches a vampire runs and puts back to door
markop heads back to the ballroom toadburt is being pulled a
undead dancers pull toadburt apart charge towards pierce anamatur
toadburt falls uncocnces as they squeeze his limbs 
Perrius Annmatar touches one burning there skin
they rush towards door and main party
markop uses divine smite and calls bowser he tosses him a crowssbow and two bolts bowser fires both of them back to the door it is bangning 
eager whips the floor and misses 
salam runs to a table to help bowser 
he pushes and pushes but cant move the table 
they surrund markop kick his shins he cries in pain 
eager whips one of the dancers 
bowser gets passed another two bolts he fires them right in the shin
markop calls upon divine power and causes toadburt,himself , and bowser to gain more health toadburt wakes up in pain exhaused 
eager says stay down another whip nothing...
onyx hand breach door bowser goes flying 
markop screams we got to 
markop swings his axe the dancer falls flat he runs into the room 
he heads to toadburt bonless dancers sorrund him one takes toadburt away he screams more 
they grab markop twist his limbs and he screams he is grappled 
toadburt struggles in vien
salam bowser and eager struggle to leave 
salam opens the other door to the ball room ignorning markops instruction says who should i whip
he whips the one below him 
eager runs past a onyx gaurd ducks below a headless dancer and past another gaurd he enters the other door to the ballroom right being salam 
eager says hay bowser down here 
he heads into the hidden passage 
he is grabbed by onyx hand gaurd 
markop axes the boneless dancer in the head and than legs he falls his hands contort as it grapples him with just hands and a torso 
markop moves his hands around him he struggles as he heads to an exit 
Beyond the locked doors a bewildering sight awaits. Smashed furniture covers what was once a pristine and expensive dance floor, now smeared with old blood and spilled drink. Atop the dance floor nearly a half dozen twisted shapes contort their bodies in unpredictable ways, twisting and writhing to an endless song that seems to come from no one particular direction.

The dance hall is thick with the smell of old sweat and filled with the sounds of the spectacle the dancers provide as their limbs slap the floor, heedless of any broken furniture they may kick aside.

Scattered across the floor are numerous broken or discarded crossbow bolts, some still embedded in the wood as though fired from the mezzanine above.

bowser runs past the gaurds his shell slashed 
oynx hand says surrender for questioning 
onyx hand gaurds see toadburt dying onyx hand wants him for questiioning 
bowser roars 
you ghost 
its periece aniamator to you 
im going to do a little fire breath 
perice aniamtoar goes under ground as bowser 
he roars burns the zombies 
the dancers collapse 
all the zombies bleed there bodies collapsing 
bowser punches one into the wall it flies 
markop tells aniamatar to check the door exit he peaks his head in says its clear 
toadburt struggles more his ribs crack 
the dancer  struggles on markop he squeezes him 
door to ballroom breach 
oynx hand member enter 
bowser says i took care of bussiness and you attacked
they say they want toadburt  and everyone to surrender
oynx hand begins fighting outside of the room 
more clashes occur 
bowser makes a deal for them to help toadburt in exchange for killing the headless dancers 
#
switch to archie shadeward inside haunted manor 
so your friends there probably dead by now its been two days
the situation was heating up back there i had to run away they will be fine 
suit yourself 
24th effeard 6 19 
why dont we head out
*door is locked*
footsteps who dare intrude 
green t runs away 
archie runs in toe opens door another vampire cooking meat 
oh good more meat for dinner 
run into operating room vampiure operating on human like operation 
gets split up by green t
quickly outruns them runs into room barracdes with coffin banging on door 
6:44
archie takes a step back focuess energy on the door and shatters it running out shouts green t were going 
archie runs away casting a disguise on him hearing green t yelling for help through the window 
he runs to window in disguise says there is abunch of bodies in here one of them is named oragnus 
talks to green t 
the window is gammed i cant jump out 
archie notices someone looking through the window 
archie says i cant really help right now you got to hide 
green t hides in a cell 
archie slips away and treis to reenter the palace
archie heads back in 
archie sees someone rumeging through a desk dosent notice him
green t is hiding under the bed archie looks under sees a gun barrel 
ahh a vampire 
shhhh its me archie 
just follow me lead 
lowd cell door opening 
vampire stops going through files 
who are you what was that sound he says to archie in vampire desguise 
its me Dracacide 
oh its you have you seen a green being yet 
nope 
im going through papper work i need help we got somone in the room we killed two people today we need to file the paperwork
archie signals to green t he sneaks out the room
archie quietly follows as the other vampire is distracted 
they head into the baracaded room green t wants to remove it archie says no they head into a study green t says he dosent like reading 
archie takes the books if these vampires are into the onyx hand these books could come in handy 
archie says the exits this way 
archie closes a door sees a vampire operating on a human 
he closes door 
green t says you want to help him
archie says no it will alert all of the guys here 
they head into another one the main reception area 
i sense a presesense 
hey green t i have this for closer combat makes less noise he hands him a dagger 
they head out the remaining two days reach there airship its crashed swarmed by legion? troops they hear 
    "ATTENTION CITIZENS. THE ANOMALY IS CONTAINED. COMPLIANCE IS MANDATORY. REPORT ALL NON-HUMAN ACTIVITY. ORDER IS SAFETY."
    archie says dang what happened to the airship 
    were did it go were did the toads go 
is that the real dan over there archie asks 
green t says go ask him and find out 
archie disguises himself as a gaurd
he walks up to a nearby gaurd 
are you with the purple legion too?
archie and green t cont.
archie says  sorry sir i don't know the purple legion 
they start working towards the crash site 
how do you not know the pruple legion we rule the vamp lands 
oh you have to forgive me i dont understand 
wwell isnt it easy we rule over the enterity of a content called the vamp lands 
the vamp lands and the land we are in is the vamp lands we rule from coast to coast from the fungal kingdom 
here have a map i puty your lack of knowladge 
archie notices something about the map itself he thinks to himself this is midlands but pruple
what are you doing 
scrapping the ship for scraps we need to interview the captin of this ship he wasnt a vampire so we need to know whats wrong with him 
they say they found a crash site a ship named dilberiance 
he proceeds over to the cage with dan in it a gaurd stops him 
you need promission to enter this site its dangerous 
he agrees waits around begins traviling on the wall 
i was sent here captins ORDER
captin who?
our patrol captin captin ....
...
...
fine you can pass 
he passes through gaurd stops him says he help with cleaning up this fire 
archie says fine 
maybe the ones in the cage can help the gaurd says 
archie looks over the cage dan was in is empty 
he sees a small flash someone appears 
oh dang whos that 
Orvinder is a thin but handsome man with neat dark hair, a mustache, and bright, keen eyes.

Good posture and well tailored clothing betrays his background as a noble or merchant of some sort.

His clothing is clean, neat, and well tailored to him, but lacks any flash or ornamentation one would expect for someone of high station.

He walks with a cane, but does not seem to actually need it.

he heads over to the cage 
someone walks out 
Orvinder is a thin but handsome man with neat dark hair, a mustache, and bright, keen eyes.

Good posture and well tailored clothing betrays his background as a noble or merchant of some sort.

His clothing is clean, neat, and well tailored to him, but lacks any flash or ornamentation one would expect for someone of high station.

He walks with a cane, but does not seem to actually need it.
might you be archie miser 
archie ignores him 
oh excsuse me my name is Orvinder Danos, Barrister
archie remains silent hge sees the lock is broken 
you see im from raventree manor i was there until the mages guild cage 
archie ignores him searches for dan more 
a gaurd stops archie 
wasn't there a toad in there 
orvinder is gone 
archie says ill report the escape to the captin 
vampire says cover your ears captin is working on a way to stop the fire 
sand rains down from the sky causing the whole landscape to change to dry araid desert 
why dont you just use magic 
we like to focus on our physical begning rather than shape the entire world this sand around us is only temprary 
so you just tried to change a bioem to prevent fires?
no the fires are magical we cant control them 
that is news to me 
they walk away 
archie thinks for a while a long time 
hey umm a gaurd guy whats your name 
Vin 
I will keep that in mind 
alright vin i have a question since our prisioners gone do you want to help me get him back 
sure were all a team 
a gaurd comes out 
sir we found footprints of a toad and someone else heading in that direction 
they point the way archie came in from 
that must be the way they came in from 
archie says feel free to check the general area 
archie knows thats the way he entered from it might be his footprints 
archie heads over to another vampire whats your name 
vampire says names are dangerous i outrank you what do you want 
ill call you borb for now on 
tsk the vampire looks away and sighs 
archie says your right i have no power over you but your free to join my investiragtion party if you want 
they start heading out orvinder shows from behind a conor can i come too 
sure archie says we have a prisioner to find 
they walk off in a random direction 
some time later they find a tavern 
archie says you three look around for a toad 
23 51 is the time 
archie misers magic runs thin he reverts back to archie miser 
archie focuses even harder his magic wanes he is back in digsues but your sweatying from the ammount of magic it has tkaen 
orvinder comes up to him 
you find the toad yet 
i did not 
sorry for ginoring you earlier we need to talk in a private place 
what do you know about me exactally 
not much but i know more out raventree 
so you know about the oriacle too right 
yes yes i know 
did he send you to meet me 
no no 
you have never met rhak , manderaz aemenor , byscillia or any other of the people of the house its far from clear 
between you and me assuming your not bad you havent found da- the toad yet have you 
hmm no i did see him walk off another direction not the direction we are walking in 
he was with that green fellow 
he went back but not to worry im here to help 
archie judges his characer
Orvinder at a young age made the decision to make truth an integral part of his existence. He does not lie, and he does not ask others to lie on his behalf. He believes strongly that the truth may hurt, but anything that can be destroyed by the truth probably deserves to be.
Just. To Orvinder nothing matters more than justice. To him there are two key truths: Laws must be upheld universally, and unjust laws must be changed into just ones. He has dedicated his life to learning the mechanisms by which he can achieve both of these things.
Witty. Having a good understanding of the law isn't quite enough to make one a good lawyer. A little bit of charm and a good amount of dry humor go a long way for people who spend long hours rubbing elbows with nobles and court officials. Orvinder's humor may be dry and a touch sarcastic, but he has learned time and time again that people respect a just man who can wield a rapier wit.
Brave. Though he has no outward appearance of it, Orvinder has made a name for himself as a barrister that openly tries cases and argues contracts in defense of common folk and lower classes wronged by those who would be his peers. He has more than once taken on work that men of weaker will would balk at, and does not waver when the powerful would lean on him to bend.
Generous. Orvinder gives far more than he ever takes, his servants and guards are paid much better than their peers, and he routinely charges very little to those who cannot afford his services in the courts. He donates what he can spare, and lives frugally as he is able.
he leads him into a back room
he sees a portal 
a power surge 
who is this 
a flash of light beams in his face the portal there disapears 
the magic is quite unstable 
and this portal leads us to? 
this portal leads us to the ruined manor were you can pick up the scriaps of what was the left behind by the main party 
and you just have this ability 
no no it takes quite a bit of my power to concentrate on it but i am able to open portals at cerian reflaction points 
and who is this guy 
usk 
he introduces himself says he is split between three manors he needs help reuniting all usks int one 
that would be good but im looking for my friends 
thank you for all of this but i cant help right now 
fine i will talk to usk and meet you up later 
archie goes to vin have you found the toad yet 
nope 
anything intresting 
sure he hands archie a strange brew 
how does it taste 
see for yourself 
thank you but no thanks 
i got a lead that the toads are not here 
who told you thant 
im not sure just intel 
should we head back
yes 
they head to blorb 
find anything 
yeah a toad 
oh great were 
here 
he pulls out a mushroom 
blorb thats a mushroom 
he takes the mushroom 
he says alright team were heading out you two wait outside im getting our friend 
archie heads to get the butler 
hmm were did they go 
the back door is open 
he looks out a window sees a shack that is open 
archie heads back to the two gaurds says the guys not here he disapeared were going but first i need to check something out he heads to the shack
they head to the shack usk and the other guy are there 

cut to remi 
remi surrunded by gaurds
whats going on i dont remember any of this i gave candy to the vampire toad now im surrunded
remi looks up a bullet in his oriacles head 
we have some quesitons for you 
What is this 'candy' you gave to the vampire toad gaurd? What does it do? Show us one if you have any left.
i know what it does i dont know what its called either 
Who sent you? Are you working for someone?
i came here with my friends there gone 
theyll be in my costeday sooner rather than later 
wait are you guys bad people 
no good 
clock strikes 12 

Are you aligned with any faction? The Purple Legion? Onyx Hand? Any resistance or foreign power?
i was just along for the ride im on noone sieds 
Tell us everything you know about the green one, the fire-wielder , the turtle king 
i have seen a few green things as for a fire weilder i think he tried to set me and my friends on fire and uhh i dont remember much about a turtle king 
remi is dissmised she walks around the dining hall 
sees the bathroom she looks weird in the mirror says probably just the angle 
remi checks the closet you notice a spent casing in the closet and an empty ammo box for siler laced bullets tucked beind the bucket .38 Special
1 spent tge casing on the ground a giant w logo on it 
remi calls over a gaurd shows them a casing 
remi says whoever shot the guy ran up shot him and somehow a casing ended up here 
something is not adding up 
could it have been left here by accident on purpose 
they head up to the hier kyrn introduces himself says not sure if the toad is alive after this 
she exmaines the casing in the oriacle its a match
remi looks out the window sees a toad ryan he disapears he is static 
she sees the shadows of her friend outside 
she goes up to vivnessia he is estatic 
she notices something is that im thinking does that mean your the killer she notices a wig 
oh my your hair is fake 
oh is it? you noticed i am waiting for both of them to be dead so i can be the new heir 
tells remi to leave to let nature take its course 
time is 6 15 kyrn hands him keys to his room remi hands him candy he says thanks any help you can get she heads upstiars into the lords chamber through a side entrance
what bussiness do you have with the lord 
medicine she shows the keys 
they lead her into the lords chambers 
The master bedroom is luxurious and large, dominated by red furnishings.

A wide red couch to the immediate left is flanked by ornate silver vases, filled with roses whose petals seem to be made of clotted blood, each attached to a black stem bristling with thorns. Aside this is a desk with space for two.

The main area of the bedroom features numerous cabinets, chests of drawers, and wardrobes. A nook toward the north of the room provides seating for two and what is likely a commanding view of the estate's back yards.

A large four post bed with velvet curtains half drawn easily rests two, and near it two doors exit to the south. In the north, a quiet nook houses a small table and a pair of chaise couches, curtains partially undrawn to look out upon the bleak and dark lands over which Kryn and vivian  rule.

she explores the room for a while ends up in the bathroom checks the medicine cabinet
bath is cold 
she finds 
Hemoglue of the Nightlord
A thick, crimson paste that clots any bleeding wound, even those from savage claws or blades.
Shadowveil Tincture
A swirling black elixir that numbs pain and accelerates regeneration under moonlight.
Stakeheart Salve
Oily balm infused with bat guano, mends punctures from wood or silver with unholy vigor.
Leadfang Extractor
Specialized poultice for bullet wounds; it draws out projectiles while knitting flesh with vampiric vitae.
Ebonblood Antidote
Vial of viscous serum that purges poisons, holy water burns, or garlic afflictions from the undead veins.
she takes Hemoglue of the Nightlord and Leadfang Extractor
she sees the carpet is rolled up as she leaves 
Beneath the rug in the center of the room lies the broken shape of an incomplete teleportation circle. The floor has been etched in chalk and charcoal to make up geometric, circular magical etchings on where a ritual was once performed. The circle has been irreparably damaged and sections of it are indistinct, but about a third of it glows faintly with ancient power.
she rolls the carpet back up 
she heads out gaurd checks roll and her inventory she is clean room is left the same he lets her go she heads back with the medicine
she comes back its too late after the candy hes dead 
she says im sorry this happens 
he hands her a infinity goblet says its given to important people
stopped by gaurds sees fighting in dance room she passes by dosent see her friends fighting 
the gaurd says they have someone staying at the mansion leads her upstairs to a room 
brings her to a guest room 
Furnished in red and dark grey, this cozy room is nestled between two others, no doubt similar. A large mirror with a wide frame hangs above the headboard of the bed, making the room appear more spacious than it is.

The window within the east wall overlooks a well-trimmed footpath outside and the gloom of the forest beyond the iron fence.

she searches through ryans diary 
Entry 1 – 21st Higsun (Shadowfell – feels like three days already)
Woke up to grey. Everything grey. No red caps, no Peach banners, no nothing colorful. My spots feel dull, like they've been dusted with ash.
Archie panicked first—snapping fingers for fire that wouldn't come. Bowser just laughed, called him "candle-man." Typical.
I tried a simple Prestidigitation to make a spark of blue light. Nothing. Just cold smoke. Entropy here eats magic like dry soil eats water.
We followed the butler-toad (pale, red eyes—creepy cousin?). He said "Master Cornelius expects you." Cornelius? Sounds like a fancy name for trouble.
Stayed quiet. I'm the mage; I observe. If I cast anything big, it might fizzle and embarrass me in front of Bowser. Again.
she thinks maybe this guy is closer to our group than i thought 
i dont remember his face though 
she wakes up the toad 
HELLO TOAD I HAVE QUESTIONS FOR YOU 
oh hello , who are you little lady 
i am know as remi 
oh right your the lady who joined archies party i am sorry your kind of a quiet person 
time is 9:04
good to see you again what do you need 
i have questions for you 
im looking for my friends i dont know were they are at all 
maybe be more specific who 
all of my friends from archie to bowser to toad fellow 
archie is a wildcard and bowser i dont want to take you to him 
i assume you mean markop i trust markoop
dan picks up his sword from his treasure chest 
gaurd leaves room door closes 
anything else before we set off 
well i also ran into this vampire toad and it seems like someone really wants him dead he was shot 
wait they were shot he invited me here 
i wouldnt go there there is a battle ragining on right now 
did you see what was going on 
i did not see anything 
dan notices his diary was moved 
hmm thats strange i left ryans diary here it was on another page 
dan asksk if she read it 
she admits she skimmed through it not intresting to her 
as long as its not damaged i forgive you 
they prepare to leave the room 
doors locked 
dan you stregth to knock on the door as hard as he can
they search around 
remi finds under the bed a hidden door in the wall she crawls through it with toad in toe 
they see into other rooms 
A cozy corner room, decorated with dark grey furnishings and royal purple. The room is somewhat cramped with furniture, just enough room for one person to move through it comfortably. A large, wide mirror with a thick frame hangs on the wall above the bed's headboard. A wide sofa beneath the north window offers a place for visitors to read in comfort.

The view through the north window overlooks the greenhouse and a small portion of the hedge maze.

The view through the east window overlooks a well-tended walking path close to the house and the thick iron fence beyond. Past the fence, the thick forest descends rapidly into darkness and gloom.


Beyond the door, the guest room is wholly unilluminated, the curtains drawn. As your eyes adjust, you can just barely make out the shapes of figures, standing in the darkness, staring.

They don't look pleased that you have interrupted whatever they were doing— and you get the distinct feeling you are unwelcome here. One of the figures steps toward the door, as if to close it.

servants are under attack they bang on the wall eharing them asking for hlep 
they leave out back into the main hall sees the gaurd 
you should check out the room 
i was ordered to gaurd the hallway not the rooms 
well at least we tried they say 
dan pushes 
dont you want to save the people in there and be hailed a hero by the manor lord 
the lord is dead 
remi asks the gaurd what is the deal with the room being locked a gaurd locked me in there 
that gaurd says it was me shoves remi into a nearby room  
dan goes to tackle the gaurd he blocks with his shield and swings his sword cutting down 
remi in the bathroom the water is warm vampires dont need warmth something is wrong here 
prehaps im missing something she notices the door is not firmly locked you can probably break it 
dan says dang it you curropt knight explain yourself 
knight remains quiet 
dan grunts and sizes him up 
dan uses divine powers and senses the gaurd is undead
remi feels this something is sensing her she tries to pick the lock a lockpick broke 
dan tries to reason with him if you dont want to fight let her out 
he swings again shadows going around his blade swings at dan hitting him 
dan says fine and swings his sword at him armor clanks 
remi picked the lock says im free  
he turns around says i must enforce complinace 
dan asks remi are you in the mood to fight one knight 
well he may be curropt he is still following orders we ought to disenage 
dan says very well i did promise to get you to free you friends you go first remi 
remi says okay as dan swings 
 remi runs the gaurd grabs dan by the head he screams 
 remi says he did say he would help me find my friends but oh boy okay i need to think
 she decides to run away leaving dan captured 
 dan says are you by any chance a vampire>
 the gaurd dosent respond he presents the holy symbol of ravenkind he freezes the vampire turns to stone and he runs away freeing his grip 
 dan catches up to remi asks why she left him behind 
 i figured you could handle it on your own 
 understandable just remind me not to put your life in my hand 
 
 cut to archie 
 From behind, you hear the rasp of a voice, not as whisper, but a shout of outrage and confusion. As though they had been discovered amid some terrible hostile act.

…ARE YOU DOING!?

The shadowy figure demands, and as you turn to look, you find him pointing in your direction.

we need to intatite the teleport shadeward to faeward get the portal up if archie hears about it were both screwed 
they both leave the shack 
archie thinks they walked to far away and give up they will show themselves sooner or later 
archie hears the music in the tavern says screw it goes inside and talks to who an employee who wrote the song so he can play it for himself 
archie heads to the preformers at the bar 
Archie: Sorry to interrupt you on your preformance. Question is; Do you have an extra music-sheet of the song you're playing right now? I fallen in love with it despite just hearing it for the first time. 
you like it that much?
yes you should join the bard guild 
 prehaps you should join the bards guild we are always looking for new members 
i just want the sheets 
other pople want to enjoy my music too isn't that selfish of you 
sorry but do you have an extra sheet 
weoll id have to go get a scribe that is quite costly no? 
and how long will that take 
well a few days to get approval and another few to transcribe it down 
i know but you dont have an extra on hand
he says he has to go to the bathroom he leaves the stand welcomes archie to look at the sheets 
archie oragnizes the notes and heastates 
he talks to the strangers protect the music sheets tell him i said thanks 
he asks another stranger what this place is called 
shadowfell inn he says 
archie leaves heads back to crashsite 
he thinks to himself for a while walking back if he should isolate and kill them he tosses a coin it lands heads they live 
archie heads back to green ts location he is not there sighs you leave someone alone once look what happens 
archie decides to leave the area alone to find green t 
3 days pass 
he is back at the vampire place 
he peaks in the door sees a vampire archie is exhaused he heads back to the manor 
another 3
archie arrives back at the manor 
The manor is in fine condition compared to the ruin you saw when you first arrived. The once crumbling sandy stone is replaced with immaculate gray slate, and its once collapsing roofs are replaced with rows of flawless jet black tiles. The numerous windows set into the façade are now obscured by dark curtains which betray a ruddy red glow of light within, but make it impossible to see what is transpiring within.

Where once these planters were filled with dead plants and overgrown weeds, now they brim with unnatural blooms resting on charcoal black stems sporting huge, curved thorns that look like raptor talons. The grass and hedges appear to be neatly trimmed but deprived of all color, with leaves of gray and branches of coal black wood. Every leaf and blade of grass seems to hold shadows more readily than natural, and lends the grounds the look of a place scorched by fire.

Beyond the hedges a heavy wrought-iron fence rises up, protecting the grounds from interlopers.

gaurds stop him hault there too tried to fight they say 
they say the stones were gotten this whole manor might be gone soon its dangerous in there 
too much time has passed 
archie gets scared he runs away 
he lives in the forest 
a month passes he returns 
the manor flashes the walls crumble he is back in the mirror room  
archie is back at the ruined mannor he thinks to hijmself so what to do now 
he looks around usk and orvinder is there with the mage spys 
archie inhales and exhales in a calm way 
mages say your the reaosn the portal unexpectly opened 
#
so archbald archie miser 
we got you surrunded 
err archie says 
archie says hmm you got the wrong person who wants to know 
if i known you would have delivered yourself on a silver platter i would not have sent that toad after you 
what are you getting out 
your the closest link to the oriacle 
how so 
unstable magic you bleed entropy your magic is distructive 
i wouldnt say my magic is destructive i use magic only for self defense 
you got me right now what do i want 
you in custody 
maybe what do you think my sentence will be 
bad 
they close a door 
what about this portal its dangerous 
we set that up its all fine until that damn toad filling up the entropy 
the two angents start aruging 
We have an arrangement with the Iron Legion in the material crust. They sent a sleeper agent—a toad named Toadburt equipped with an Entropy Ring—to tag you. But you saved us the paperwork
the toad failed we should get archie to get him back!
!?
Toadbur....?!
Toadburt is your sleeper agent...!?
archie is shocked 
yes - no 
you even know for a criminal your not giving good impressions
why
brining innocents to collabrate against your will 
continue 
its because of you the damn portal is open 
what did he do 
setup a fourth plane a regular plane 
A Regulator Plane...?
a more like a bridge plane it bridges the faeward shaeward and ruined manors together with that he can collapse the bridge and severe the connection 
and i take it that includes the astrial plane too 
no not yet or if he did i did not notice yet 
are you aware of the other planes of this existinace yaknow 
we have a team of ghost busters coming to clear this house 
you dont have a choice you will join him 
you work for the mages ugild now 
archie says wait what 
your immense power comes with immense responsibility and oversight therefore the mages guild will oversee your events from afar just dont worry about us 
I dont have a choice in this do i 
alright ill keep this in mind very well if the one ghost buster is here cant you introduce him to me 
come on in they shout a bump is heard at a nearby door it opens revealing to be luigi 
cut to markop guy strangling him 
Perrius anamatur disolves the dancer on markop it melt on his skin 
toadburt in the other room runs away doging gaurds and attacks 
salam runs to the door to breach he fails he prepares his light crossbow 
onyx knights swarm the dance hall 
onyx knight holding eager says he will turn eager into a vampire faster healing  
v-v-v-v--vampire we dont want to cause any trouble he says let my body heal normally 
eager struggles and bites the onyx hand and runs over to the door 
markop bashes the lock open and he rushes in with bowser behind him dpging onyx hand 
markop sees remi screams we have to get out of here im bleeding and there after me 
leave run scram 
eager dashes behind them and than infront of them than crashes trhough the window 
markop removes the broken glass 
he calls out to remi to leave through the window 
remi runs through front door gaurds open door ask her to come with them 
she says OK and follows them 
bowser climbs out window 
dan runs behind remi and goes out the front door 
salam dashes to the window and jumps out 
they watch remi get dragged into the manor 
markop says we need backup lets get to the airship 
how do i know your real he asks dan 
dan says i honestly dont know 
how can i prove myself 
they head into the room 
kyrn enters the room asks remi if she wants a drink 
no thanks im not into blood 
lets cut to the point the oriacle hand no pulse he is dead 
im just looking for my friends 
your friends abandonned you 
but how why 
they are not your friends we are your friends 
your free to leave you dont have anywhere to go we will take care to you 
i need to look around first 
you can look around all you want but can you do be a super special favor steal the ring from the toad its my frinedship ring 
i will think about it, it does sound fun 
remi walks into a room quickly says wait a minuet I SEE THAT WHAT IS THAT he picks up a napkin 
A high-quality linen napkin stolen from the Shadowfell dining table. On the back, Green T (leader of the Toad Tea Leaf Syndicate) has drawn a frantic battle plan using stolen crayons and ketchup. The diagram depicts three stick figures: a large spiked one (Bowser), a small round one (Green T), and a one-eyed one (Archie). Arrows point to 'Kill Vampires,' 'Smash Crystals,' and 'UNLEASH THE BEAST.' Despite the crudeness, it represents a genuine bond forged in the fires of a dimension gone wrong.
markop and co sitting in forest after a rest 
are you the real dan tell me the truth 
partially dan 
in the mirror room that was me i was the fake one, but here in the shadowfell im the real one 
so your a parallel dan 
yup
were is the real dan than 
i dont know maybe the mages guilds knows 
damn markop says 
why did you try to disrupt the ritual 
i tried to protect myself if the ritual scueeded this reality would collapse 
so id die 
why does he want to collapse this place  make probability 100%
whats your plan now what where you going to do with the party 
i was going to keep you occupied until the master of the house could think of anything 
is the guy really dead
i dont know 
do you know the deal with green t 
well to be fair i was travling with you since the restruant raid thats when the swap happened so 
did you hurt the orignal dan 
no only silenced 
what do you mean did you kill him 
i put him somewhere were he wouldnt talk 
so you gave him to the mages guild 
yeah they have in a null cage probably its nullifys magic 
do they plan to hurt him 
proabbly not mainly use him for intel i wouldnt suprised if he joined the guild after 
oh and uhh he has two hands not one so that kinda sucks for me 
but hey ive been travling with you for a while 
how did you get here to the real world 
well the oriacle pretty much 
how did you know about the ritual how did you stop it 
well its been tried before there was another orialce he is frozen in between the two crystals i think remember that thing we saw sticking out 
that was another orailce 
it was 
jesus 
a failed one 
well keep you around just stay out of our way 
the zone of truth goes away 
the party thinks about remi 
remi looking through kitchen closet says ok nothing ehre for
he heads up stairs falls down bumps into wario 
oh excuse me looking markop judice 
i have these items 
he puts fire resistance items and armor in remis backpack and dumps it there she is shocked 
well got to get back the faeweld goodbye 
he heads upstairs 
remi walks behind him he walks into the oraicles master room wario remi sees the gaurds chase after him saying stop 
remi snoopes around when gaurds are occupied checks bathroom and 
remi heres an explosion in the other room dosent concern her she continues 
she sees a painting of a toad petting a dog could be orangus corneiuls says prehaps it could be a hint 
the gaurd asks remi if shes seen a ghost and a bleeding toad 
perice anamatur and toadburt run past them as they talk 
okay mr gaurd ill let you know 
she heads towards them sees hiim say quickly head to the study as they lock the door 
she opens the door its unlcoked 
they say sshhh quiet in the liabrary theres imps 
a imp comes 
the imp asks remi if they have liabrary cards remi says shes not inside 
imp closes door leaving toadburt and ghost lost inside the liabrary 
remi says they will eat me alive if she goes back  
she heads outside sees a statue labled the true heir 
kyrn corneiuls 90F
remi follows the paths around the manor 
she finds a sign MAZE THIS WAY arrow pointing forward 
markop returns 
This gray stone veranda features a row of chairs facing the manor grounds on the lower level, with three luxurious chaise loungers on the higher level, both groups already set with pitchers to hold wine.

The veranda is littered with small crimson petals of a plant that defies identification, and features a prime view of the bleak and earie grounds behind the shadowy manor. Beyond the gray trees and hedges that hem in the estate there appears to be nothing both a vast, colorless void stretching endlessly upward.

have you seen a little girl describes remi 
have you seen them since them what happened since diner 
i was resasigned to my post 
have you seen anyone exit this room 
no but someone should be exiting 
vivian comes trhough door hello boys they say 
markop and co run 
they come across the maze this way sign they head out 
remi says must be a close as she skips oh my a door she says 
she says hold up thats a trap as she skips and trips over the wire a bell rings 
markop comes behind her hearing her knock and he asks have you seen a ghost anywhere
i havent she says 
have you seen a blue toad 
i have not seen one its very weird 
tymis opens the dopor intrudces himself as a groundkeeper your welcome anytime 
markop says dont just walk into strangers houses to remi as she walks in 
remi opens a door finds the bedroom
This stone building is modestly sized and nestled in the strange gray foliage of the surrounding hedge maze. It appears to be immaculately clean and well maintained, with a tall chimney gently releasing a spire of wispy gray smoke. Curtains block views into the cottage, making it impossible to see if anyone is home.
Tymnas is a short and broad chested Satyr that has seen quite a lot in his many years.

Heavy black horns jut from his head and sweep back over his pointed ears.

His dark eyes hold a weary sadness, and his face is creased with wrinkles.

His gray hair and beard still hold threads of black, hinting at the color of his youth.

He wears a heavy ash gray fur cloak over a leather binding, and brown long sleeve shirt.

A padded kilt hangs off his waist, crisscrossed with leather belts with affixed pouches.

he is fiddling with a odd watch he hands it to markop he has no idea what it is he hands it to remi 
she notices there is carvings in it its been used there are intials on it AM 
markop says is this archie misers watch than 
tymas says oh you know archie miser i saw him at the diner tonight 
oh really wasn't that yesterday 
oh was it sorry lost track of time 
your welcome to go to the grove if you want 
is there any dangerous things there 
yeah thorns and bees 
anything else 
yeah he heads into his room 
remi says lets think about this lgoically we have to find our friends some are here some are not here 
tymas goes into his roomk retreaves a trowel 
eager says wait a minuet the gaurdens infested with monsters i got bit 
he glances outside behind him says no 
eager sees rustling in the bushes than it goes silent 
he wispers to salam get your bow ready
Upon initial entry to the manor you see an uncharacteristic warmth and coziness not found anywhere else in the manor so far. The space is dominated by rich yellows and greens which practically strain against whatever force sucks the color from this plane, leaving them to glimmer richly at times, while at other times seeming almost gray.

The main room's walls holds various shelves of knick-knacks and dishes, keepsakes, foodstuffs, and the like. At the center is a large circular table with space enough for four to sit, and a rather full kitchen sits against the north wall, with food that looks almost normal.

Bedroom

A small bedroom sits off to the side through the northernmost door. The bed is perfectly made, and a small fireplace's flames work almost fruitlessly to fill the place with some measure of light and warmth. Two doors to the south open to a small closet of clothing and a modest washroom with a bathtub.

The southernmost door opens to a small closet of coats, blankets, and other things that might be useful.

markop recognizses the trovel he detects its magical 
toads look out window see nothing 
tymas gives directions 
go up right up right left down up right 
markop asks for it angain he says just behind the greenhouse there is a shead there is tools there 
The grounds of the Shadow Estate spread out under the looming silhouette of the great, Shadeward manor. Crimson light dully flickers in each of the many windows that make up its edifice, each straining hopelessly against the eternal darkness of the plane.

The courtyard consists of a tiered stone veranda, which gives way to the broad paving stones of the main paths which stretch out east and west while also encompassing a huge winged statue of a hooded figure.

The hooded male figure looms over the massive basin which teems with crystal clear water spilling from countless sources around its base, while smaller bowls at the foot of the larger basic catch runoff with a noisy bubbling.

they pass by it 
Each of these plants appear like a plant you recognize, but… not quite. There's something askance about them, a color is wrong, a texture is strange, a size is off. They are all different in both obvious and subtle ways.


Given what you know about the nearest planes, this being the plan of shadow and all, these plants are likely planar reflections of real plants that are currently or have grown in the region.
two servants come introudce themselves 
they head to the greenhouse two servants recognize them ask if the spectars can have a nibble as one doges dan tries
remi feels her life being drained she blocks as her sheild is being torn 
a toad waves a torch the greenhouse servant from earlier hitting an innocent servant they get angry and call for gaurds 
markop tells the servants i think you should go 
he cries says think he tends to the flo- tends to the flo- to the flo- flowers 
he runs away crying 
remi fires a duel shot one misses at a spectar the other direct hit it flies through the ghost hitting the wall behind dan shoves salam as he charges in the green house and swings at another spectar 
dan uses divine smite and smites the wraith 
eager says lets have fun as he uses a magical dagger eager says i killed it no worries markop you can kill one next Time
markop the trovel around and swings around to the one that tried to bite him it falls into the shadow 
the garden serveants say the wraiths are quiet angry but theyll damage the habatit if they kill all ghosts markop and co agree to levae as they fight 
dan suggests tracking down the guy that ran off after the wraith 
he says dont worry ill keep them  occupied you all leave as markop says the whole point is you have to leave first 
dan says he wants to see cool ending he does an all out attack on the wraith divine smite omega charged and the room is blinded in light 
the light clears the ghost is really angry the plan failed 
the servant refuses to move saying there safe he goes to pet the wraith it bites his hand  he screams get it off me 
they exit the greenhouse they find bowser holding a folded vellum page he puts it in his pocket 
bowser what were you doing i called for ya 
quantum physics 
markop thinks maybe hes learning things even if he is not the brightest 
A broken half‑circle ring ending in a cracked red stone. It feels heavier than it looks, and the gold has been blackened as though exposed to intense magical discharge. The gem occasionally pulses with a dim internal light, always in irregular rhythms that suggest some kind of coded signal being transmitted to or from an unknown source.
A............C......................I.................E...................................................................U...................R...............P...........................................E markop was able to get from it 
eager recognizes it 
A broken half‑ring of blackened gold with a dull, cracked red gem that still pulses faintly with command‑magic. This was once the "handler" half of a paired Entropy Ring system like the one the Iron Legion forced onto Toadburt on Highsun 21, turning him into a coerced sleeper agent with a three‑day deadline to capture the Oracle. Archie managed to snap this handler piece off during his own interrogation by Agent Malissia in the physical antechamber, intending to study it and reverse‑engineer a way to free those bound by the complete rings.

He never got the chance. But even broken, the ring stub retains enough residual magic to sense its paired counterparts and—just once per day—to jam their signal. This is how Archie hoped to give Toadburt one moment of free will, one chance to disobey the Iron Legion's orders and act as himself instead of their puppet. Whether Toadburt ever received that chance, or whether the jamming came too late, is a question the stub cannot answer. It can only pulse with the distant heartbeat of command‑magic still being transmitted somewhere in the world.

While attuned, you can sense if an active Entropy Ring is within 300 feet. You learn only "near" or "farther than that," but not direction or who wears it. Once per day, as an action, you can focus on the stub and attempt to jam an Entropy Ring in range. The bearer of that ring must succeed on a DC 14 Wisdom saving throw or experience 1 round of static in their orders—they know something is wrong and briefly act under their own will instead of their controller's. Each time you use the jamming effect, you must succeed on a DC 12 Constitution save or take 1d6 necrotic damage as the broken magic eats at your fingertips, aging them visibly for a few heartbeats.
this ring is a handler of a pair of other rings of a system that was forced uppon toadburt they inted to turn him into a sleeper agent to capture the oraicle he did not archie took this pieace during a interrigation i dont know who she is 
does that mean archie was here 
uhh in this building ummm 
there was no fireball here 
eager sees footprints two pairs human and toad 
eager says thats probably archie and green ts footprints 
markop uncovers a wahbook tablet 
it reads welcome archie miser to wahbook  when turned on 
A thin arcane crystal slab with a spiderweb crack across it and strange dark smudges on the corners. Faint symbols scroll under the surface when held, though they move too quickly to read and seem to repeat the same fragments over and over. The crack pulses with a dim light when the tablet is touched, and occasionally you glimpse text that vanishes before you can focus on it.
markop and co continues to greenhouse he sees scorached plans grabs it and gets pulled into the leaves by monsters 
archie sitting down resting with luigi 
luigi hands archie a sealed ration pack 
A compact, vacuum-sealed package containing what appears to be preserved food rations. The packaging is heavy-duty military specification, designed to survive rough handling. Manufacturing marks along the edge have been deliberately scratched away, suggesting the current owner doesn't want to advertise where these came from. The pack is labeled with nutritional information and preparation instructions in Common, Koopan, and Toad dialects.
You watch as Luigi tears open a ration pack with practiced efficiency, the seal breaking with a soft hiss of escaping preservative gas. The smell that emerges is... functional. Not appetizing, not revolting, just aggressively neutral. 'Could be worse,' he mutters, pulling out the brick of mushroom bread and examining it with the weary expression of someone who's eaten far too many of these. 'Could be Bowser's army rations. Those things could double as armor plating.'
well we better get a move on wouldnt want to sit here all day 
what about this guy is he coming with he points to a mages guild gaurd 
archie says we checked only 5 more downstairs there are still more floors to go 
archie calls the gaurd travling with them placeman
they explore rooms 
This cramped room is packed with ruined furniture that once composed a recreational and dining room for the servants and staff. The walls are lined with shelves containing old, tarnished and rusting tableware. Anything of value has long since been ripped from this room.
28 7 1040 haverstide 
agent L at the door 
gaurd with them reveals his name is Thornbury he uncovers a secerit stach in the room 35 gold and a pearl necklace 
he offers gold to archie archie offers to split with lugii who is still snacking on the ration pack 
archie picks a lock is unable too luigi helps says i dont know this could belong to the oriacle 
thornbury reads through a book says its field notes how to open a room uncoupied 
what book is it 
its from the mages guild 
archie sweats hearing that name 
he seats up a tensor box archie dosen't know what it is 
it pings the room a ghost is seen and it lurches at archie who says bring it on 
the gaurd slashes at the ghost while luigis polteriest roars he begins to suck it up while archie screams and runs and hurels fire bolts at the monster all missing 
luigi continues sucking 
mages guild asks archie if he will ever use the compass ays he has a matrching one 
archie follows the guild persons compass 
1700 is time 
archie opens door the spy from earlier is there 
The once fine portraits that line the walls of this sitting room are faded and discolored, and the few proud marble busts that still sit on their perches have had their ears or noses removed by blows with a blunt object.

The room's other furnishings have fared little better. A ruined pool table has split beneath the weight of a fallen beam from the ceiling, and a drinks cabinet by the western wall has been thoroughly ransacked. The stained carpet by it is riddled with broken glass, and still faintly smells of alcohol.


they run into a spy from earlier ask if he seen any ghosts 
he says maybe some flying jackets says no time to talk looking for a otad leaves 
archie explores the room there any find a hidden door 
This room once held a collection of curios and antiquities, gathered over the course of decades. Today, only toppled statues and broken vases litter the perimeter of the room- any valuables small enough to be carried or stuffed into pockets are long gone. A dark green carpet, scuffed and stained, nonetheless presents the clearest path through the room. The wall on the north side of the room has collapsed, exposing a broader collection that was once much more secure.

The tarnished gold frame of a massive mirror rests against the angled southeast wall, its silver-backed glass shattered and the frame bent. Behind it, the peeling wallpaper has been rent by thick gouges which have torn straight through to the wood beneath.
archie spots a statueete small the guild gaurd picks it up reads dragonus corenlius as he picks it up 
he looks at the mirror 
The back of the mirror holds a complex magical inscription that seems to involve planar travel. It looks similar to that of a dimensional doorway spell but would transform a mirror into a gateway to another similar mirror.
he thinks its the oriacles notes 
a gaurd says there  
There are deep gouges and marks in the backing wood of the broken mirror. At first it looks like the work of vandals, but on second glance it appears to be magical formulae.
he says let me mark it
A smooth gray stone fitted into an ornate brass pendant frame. The stone is unremarkable in appearance but feels slightly warm to the touch, and occasionally pulses with a faint inner light when held. The brass frame bears tiny inscriptions in an archaic script that resist casual translation.
they all breach the next door
The contents of this room are confusing at first glance- as though someone has combined furnishings from two different rooms into one. The tools scattered across the floor suggest it may once have been a workshop, muddled by the decor of a far more luxurious room.

A mirror sitting atop a gorgeous dressing table, a well-adorned divan is neatly tucked into a southern corner, a wooden screen with panels embossed with a floral pattern shelter an armoire and stool. A jewelry box lays on the floor, its contents long-since pillaged.

Other luxurious but decidedly feminine furniture can be found here, mixed with boxes and crates that have been broken open, containing what appear to be now-ruined dresses and regal feminine clothing.

It appears this room was once a workshop but became impromptu storage.

archie spots thornbury pocket a ring from the floor 
they enter the next room 
Utter ruin. The floor of the room above this one has partially collapsed, falling in such a way that it now rests on the floor of this room on the west side and against its ceiling on the east, a veritable ramp leading up to the second floor. It looks as though it would, at best, be dangerous to climb—as if it could finish collapsing at any moment.

A wide shaft of dim light drifts through a drafty doorway above, illuminating the destruction within. Piled atop the ruined floor, the west side of the room is a pile of ruin and rubble from the collapsing structure above. Broken furniture is joined by ruined stone and wood, and whatever belongings might once have been stored here. Whatever was in this room when the ceiling collapsed is unrecoverable, access to it blocked by the collapsed floor.

thronbury notices the intials OC and AC carved into a bedframe 
says he smells inesnes coming from upstairs they all prepare to climb the collapsed roof 
archie volenteers to be the first to climb 
he falls onto the mages guild obswever and lugii climbs up 
archie tells the guy he fell on to be careful as he falls back onto him 
the gaurd reaches into his pack 
A practical adventurer's kit including a bedroll, mess kit, tinderbox, 10 torches, 10 days of rations, waterskin, 50 feet of hempen rope, and a healer's kit with 8 uses remaining. Additionally, Thornbury carries two potions of healing (2d4+2 each), one potion of invisibility, and a scroll of Sending for emergencies when the sending stone's daily limit has been reached. The supplies are organized efficiently in a weathered backpack that shows signs of long use.

Thornbury will share supplies with the party if doing so serves the mission but tracks every expenditure for later reimbursement requests. The Guild does not provide unlimited expense accounts, and Thornbury has learned that being generous now means explaining itemized costs to bureaucrats later. The invisibility potion is reserved for extraction scenarios where Thornbury might need to escape and report if the party is overwhelmed. Surviving to file the report takes priority over dying heroically alongside subjects.
he tosses his rope up and they begin climbing 
archie falls from rope guild man scuesfull climbs rope luigi just tells him to go around 
archie feels footsteps approach 
2:37 29th 7 
mages guild members walk into archie they see the rope look up ask for agent L 
archie calls out to them 
luigi and her enter a nearby room archie listens in 
so what do you want
well there is guild stuff to discuss
hmm should we switch to encyrpted coms
you can but i wont
i know archie is listening in anyway
ok
why he is a nice guy
i know
but we need to get this done
the planar fracture
pL1
yes
I1eS a2XdL Br
what about it
well pretty much
its destabliazing
its not good for it to be like this
the less ghosts there are
the better?
1V 08H2y
or worse
either way
we need to get these ghosts out of this house
kXRY ze M8 5ey8qn2K0ch iY
even if it destablizes it
yes
i7b0 H8 08 mS3 7k5K dkCCoM
even if it may kill archie
yes
47
ok
6 UYVf2TrHjJ
i understand
y d5w4 g2I 1U Ys6R
i will get it done
good
report back to me 2mor
CTFM
okay
archie climbs the rope it snaps 
he says oww
thronberry is upset 
rope is guild property its expensive 
archie tells him to come down since the rope is broken 
archie calls out THORNBERRY as he hears the door open and thornbury and agent l talking to people he hears them walk away 
he claws up for 5 mins in vien and gives up opens door to guild lady 
time is 5:06 
she says unable to find toad on first floor 
she hands him a bill for the rope 
Fee DescriptionAmount (gp)JustificationGuild Membership Levy (annual dues for rope eligibility)50Only guild-approved fibers may be woven. Your non-membership is a public hazard.Master Weaver's Inspection (3-hour ritual with divining rod and 12 apprentice witnesses)200Ensures no goblin spit or elf tears contaminated the hemp. Certified by Loremaster Flaxenbeard himself.Arcane Certification Seal (infused with Prestidigitation for eternal knot-tying glow)150Includes anti-theft enchantment (rope screams if stolen). Seal valid for 1 adventure or until wet.Load-Test Certification (dropped 500-lb ogre from city wall 7 times)300Proof of 800 lb capacity. Ogre rental not included.Environmental Impact Assessment (hemp growth audited for fairy circle infringement)752% of harvest donated to Dryad Preservation Fund.Quality Assurance Audit (sniffed, tugged, and blessed by 5 clerics)100Detects invisible mimetic poly pocket lint.Expedited Processing Fee (skipped the 6-month waiting list)250Because you adventurers think "urgent" means "now."Administrative Stamp & Wax (triple-layered, gold-embossed)40Each stamp hand-carved by orphaned gnome apprentices.Hazardous Material Surcharge (rope might be used for... climbing)80Guild liability insurance for "acts of heroism."Inflation Adjustment (post-dragon-hoard-crash economy)100Prices subject to change if a lich sneezes.Guild Master's "Discretionary Gratuity" (for his new wyvern saddle)500Recommended. Refusal may result in "accidental" fraying.Sales Tax (15% of subtotal, payable to the King's Rope Monopoly)217Because royals need new hangings too.
Subtotal: 1,525 gp
Grand Total: 2,062 gp 5 sp
the laughs and walks off as archie says hell pay for it 
welp all alone now 
he explores the libarry they priovusly faught in ignus says lugi went upstairs 
archie explores opens a door and gets ambushed 
he starts bleeding in pain says shoot he runs away locks the door and stares at it staring for half a minuet and composes himself 
hey wait you were with miss ingus he points to usk as he passes by 
he begs usk to help him 
fine 
they head to the door 
usk screams Perrius Annmatar appears instead of the ghost from earlier 
archie admits there hunting for ghosts says they are hunting only for bad ghosts not you 
Perrius Annmatar says he is not a ghost what are you talking about i just want peace and qiuet in this house 
says your fighting that thing behind you and points to the monster 
archie is banged on the head he falls unconuse and bleeds 
he wakes up hours later on a bed 
agent L and thornbury is staring at him 
he says what happened i thought i died 
you fell uncouses right and than the mages guild woman took you to us 
we tucked you in and took care of some more ghosts 
archie asks if they can keep watch while he rests up 
archie notices the toad calls out to him 
the purple toad comes in 
starts singing 
Shuffle the Deck, Dear Hero”

(Soft accordion and plucked strings. A spotlight on a velvet-draped table. The toad fortune teller adjusts his tiny spectacles.)

Verse 1
Step a little closer, traveler bold,
Don’t mind the incense, the chill, the cold.
Fate’s just a fabric, stitched in gold,
And I do adore a thread to hold.

You look so tired, so brave, so grim—
Such noble light around the brim.
Sit, sit, relax your shoulders tight,
Let me peer past wrong and right.

Pre-Chorus
I see a tower, cracked in two,
A loyal friend… not quite so true.
A spinning needle, compass lost—
Oh my, oh dear, what dreadful cost.

Chorus
Shuffle the deck, dear hero mine,
Let destiny fall into line.
Hearts and blades and crowns that gleam—
Nothing is ever as it may seem.
Pick a card, don’t be shy,
Truth is such a fragile lie.
Fortune favors those who play…
And I so love to guide the way.

Verse 2
The Moon says secrets twist and creep,
The Sun says promises rarely keep.
The Fool walks proudly off the ledge—
Balance tips on a sharpened edge.

Ah! The Ring, it glows so bright—
Regulates day, regulates night.
But who decides what must be bound?
And who decides what can’t be found?

he takes archies watch, keys and other items from his bag 
archie tries to get up he is in great pain luigi and gaurd hold him down say be careful 

Pre-Chorus
The Heir was grown, not born, you see—
Root and scale in tapestry.
Cut the vine or cut the thread?
Either way… something’s dead.

Chorus
Shuffle the deck, dear wandering flame,
Every card whispers your name.
Clubs for courage, spades for sin—
Tell me now, who’s wearing skin?
Draw again, it’s all for fun,
Past and future, neatly spun.
Oh, the odds are quite okay…
If you let me choose the way.
have you ever seen a planar portal open where it never was meant too?  the purple toad asks 
archie struggles luigi says youll hurt yourself 
Bridge (Music softens. Voice lowers, almost tender.)
Do you feel that little doubt?
That tiny voice that twists about?
It isn’t fear, it isn’t dread—
It’s simply threads being gently led.

The house still stands, though cracked with heat,
Ghosts in jars and hearts that beat.
You think you search for one small toad…
But every path is pre-bestowed.

(Sudden bright flourish.)

Final Chorus
Shuffle the deck! Let chaos sing!
Every prophecy has a string!
Hearts will break and towers fall,
But I predicted it all!
Choose your card and make your stand—
Place your future in my hand.
Trust the smile, ignore the sway…
I would never lead astray.

let me show you purple toad says
a portal opens a planar portal with the compass and tools in archies pocket 
(Spoken, soft, almost kindly)
Unless… it served a greater play.
he steps trhough the portal 
it closes 
30 harvestide 1040 00:29
##############

##############
embercap 27 6 1040
bang bang bang 
OPEN THE DOOR toadsmith poultice
eric says who can that be embercap says look alive 
a gaurd opens door says there is a mages guild nearby were they can offer beds but they got to go 
he offers them safe passage at a mages guild nearby for rest 
he leads them to an elevator there upstairs now 
the toads get cold feet they leave the mages guild 
in the mages guild a portal activates 
bryan comes in a portal 
what are you doing here 
3:08AM
bryan says well here i am now this is what happens when you serve a g- this is what happens with my job 
outside of anything else any news 
i found this while searching peoples rooms he hands bryan a photograph 
A small photograph showing a group of toads on what appears to be an airship deck. The image is creased from repeated handling and has been carefully preserved despite obviously difficult circumstances. Whoever owns this photograph considers it irreplaceable.
Creased faces smile from better days, frozen in a moment before everything burned.
bryan says hmm what the what is archie doing there were did you get this 
i got it from under his pillow 
were is he why is archie here he grabs purple T by the toros were is he were is archie 
hes at raventree 
hmm raventree got it thank you 
they both head to dans room a shared barrak with other mages 
bryan says hey purple T you jacked archies stuff and got away with it without laying a finger on him 
you want to join forcess 
bryan walks in and sees dan sleeping with other mages 
dans inventory items of note 
A small brass badge bearing the number 447 and the Mages' Guild seal, issued to Dan as proof of his associate status within the organization. The badge is enchanted to glow faintly blue when within Guild facilities, confirming the wearer's authorized presence, and to burn uncomfortably hot if removed from the wearer without proper deactivation protocols. Dan learned about this second feature the hard way during his first attempt to leave it behind during a training exercise.

The badge also functions as a tracking device, allowing Guild administrators to monitor Dan's location within their facilities at all times. He's been told this is standard procedure for associates, a safety measure that ensures help can be dispatched quickly if training accidents occur. He's been told the tracking feature will be removed once he achieves full membership. He's been told many things that may or may not be true, and he's stopped trying to verify them all.

Wearing the badge openly marks Dan as someone operating under Guild authority. Hiding it marks him as someone the Guild should be concerned about. He's chosen to wear it openly, for now, while he gathers information and waits for the right moment to make a decision about his future.
A set of practical blue robes issued to Dan upon his acceptance into the Guild's training program, cut short to accommodate his toad physiology and reinforced with fire-resistant thread around the sleeves and hem. The robes bear no official Guild insignia—Dan is technically an "associate" rather than a full member, a distinction the Guild has been careful to maintain—but the quality of the fabric and the subtle enchantments woven into the weave mark them as clearly Guild-origin to anyone familiar with the organization.

The robes provide resistance to fire damage, a practical necessity given Dan's specialization and the frequency with which his training exercises involve controlled burns. They also include interior pockets sized for spell components, a hood that can be pulled up to provide shade during extended outdoor work, and a small brass clasp at the collar bearing a number rather than a name—Dan's associate designation within the Guild's tracking system. He's been 'Associate 447' for the past several days, a dehumanization he's chosen to interpret as temporary rather than permanent.

When Dan looks at these robes, he feels two contradictory emotions: gratitude for the protection and resources they represent, and shame for what accepting them might mean about his loyalty to the friends he left behind. The robes are comfortable. That's part of the problem.
A short wand of blackite—a volcanic glass found only in the deepest lava tubes of the Mushroom Kingdom's southern ranges—capped with a small ruby that pulses with inner fire. The Guild gave this to Dan after his third day of training, when his instructors recognized that his raw talent needed proper channeling tools rather than the makeshift focuses he'd been using. The wand doesn't increase his power, but it dramatically improves his control, allowing him to shape flames with precision that would have taken years to develop through practice alone.

Dan has mixed feelings about the wand. On one hand, it's the finest magical tool he's ever owned, crafted by Guild artificers specifically for fire magic and worth more gold than he'd seen in his entire life before the Vigilance. On the other hand, it's a leash as much as a gift—the wand is registered to the Guild, its magical signature tracked through their monitoring systems, and taking it outside Guild facilities without permission would trigger immediate pursuit. He's been told this is standard procedure for training equipment. He's been told he'll receive an unmarked wand of his own once he completes his associate period. He's been told a lot of things.

The wand grants a +1 bonus to spell attack rolls with fire spells and allows the wielder to add their proficiency bonus to damage rolls with cantrips that deal fire damage. It also functions as an arcane focus for all spellcasting.
A collection of small paper scraps hidden in various locations around Dan's assigned quarters—tucked into mattress seams, folded behind loose stones, pressed between pages of Guild-provided reading material. The notes are written in a code Dan developed during his years on the street before joining the Liberated Toads, a cipher based on toad counting rhymes that would be meaningless to anyone who didn't grow up in the eastern wetlands. Even most toads wouldn't recognize it; Dan's grandmother taught it to him as a game, never imagining it would become his last line of private communication.

The notes document everything Dan has learned about Guild operations since his capture: guard schedules, staff hierarchies, which doors are warded and which are merely locked, which instructors are true believers and which seem to be going through the motions. He's mapped the facility to the extent possible from his limited movement privileges, identified potential escape routes, and noted which other "associates" might be sympathetic to unauthorized departure. He's also recorded his observations about why he hasn't tried to escape yet, forcing himself to be honest about the comforts he's accepted and the justifications he's constructed.

One note, more recent than the others, simply reads: "They haven't mentioned the Vigilance in three days. Either they don't know where it is, or they're hiding something. Find out which."
purple T wakes up dan 
huh what happened 
were did my thing go did you take it 
me no i didnt take anything 
bryan sighs gives it back to him 
what was i doing with it someone stole it it wasnt me
my name is bryan servant of the toad god i heard you had a fight to pick with archie is this correct 
well i guess id want to see him again 
you want to take revenge
...
.
..
.
.
yeah i do ...(lie)
you want to join the god toad to kill archie 
ill come along with you yeah 
what about the guy sleeping there is he coming 
HEY  WAKE UP
yawn what happened the mage over there 
bryan introduces himself 
purple t says alright itll take a month but ill head over there by magical transport open a plane were it dosent belong open up the gates and youll swarm in 
bryan says are you cerian you saw archie 
have i ever been wrong purple t says 
i have a plan too check out these candles one sniff of these archie will be out like a light 
A bundle of hand-rolled incense sticks made from dried mushroom stems, rare herbs, and resins that Morel collects during her travels. The smoke they produce is thick and slightly sweet, with an undertone of something earthy and ancient that clings to fabric and hair for hours after exposure. Morel burns one stick during important readings, claiming the smoke helps clarify visions and strengthens the connection between the cards and the forces they channel.

The incense takes 10 minutes to burn completely. During this time, any divination magic cast within the smoke's area (a 10-foot radius around the burning stick) functions as though cast at one spell level higher than normal, and creatures within the area have advantage on Wisdom (Insight) checks to interpret omens, symbols, or cryptic messages. The downside is that the smoke makes concentration difficult for other purposes—any concentration spell not related to divination requires a DC 10 Constitution save at the start of each turn to maintain while within the smoke.

Morel carries 7 sticks of incense, enough for roughly two weeks of daily readings. She makes more whenever she has access to the proper ingredients, a process that takes several hours and requires materials worth approximately 5 gold pieces per stick.
will the higher ups crack down on us 
no no its fine be public be loud let them know were coming 
purple t says one more thing rips dan shirt the part with the identifaction badge its gone 
rips off the others too 
they head into room shut down 
so by removing these tracking divieces provided by the guild we can go after dan without the other members being involved 
so what we must do is take thse off if we do anything unauthrized but everything will be on your terms your power your own temrs if you get tired the mages guild wont save you all mages guild equipment will be disabled 
archie could be on three planes right now sahdeward faeward and natural 
hmm if i was a pyromanic were would i go dan asks to himself
maybe we can track him anything the mages guild could track aside from picking randomly 
john the mage says why dont we just track them on wahbook with there posts 
purple t says thats a brilliant idea 
he posts every day about himself 
should we kill him capture him bring him to authoritys
everything is on the table 
we are doing this for the good of the world 
27 higsun 13 56 
they all walk in the portal purple t  first than bryan than mages  and dan   
remi and toads chase after markop 
You’ve stumbled in uninvited
To the gala of the year.
The mood is gray, the guests are blighted,
But we’re so glad you’re here!
We used to sip the finest wine
And dance on marble floors—
Now we sip on fear and brine
And the garden... is ours!
mazebound jump out of the bushes do jazzhands 
welcome to the grove  welcome to the gray youll never find the fountain so you might as well stay  
remi says im not sure this is the right way but oh well as salam grabs remi and runs into the bushes 
another one is noticed remi says im just following the leader as salam is stumped 
markop is being dragged by mazehound he pulls and tugs on the paper 
it rips he tumbles and falls picks up a paper its 
A partially burned blueprint of a glass‑roofed building, annotated with circles and numbers in multiple colors of ink. The draftsmanship is precise despite the damage, and small notations in cramped handwriting fill every available margin. Scorch marks along the edges suggest this document was itself present during whatever fire it depicts, and you can still smell smoke when you unroll it.
At the heart of this dreadful grove is a great, towering tree with vast branches reaching out to form a massive canopy from which dozens of corpses hang by the necks. Its boughs are covered in hundreds of shadow crows with crimson eyes that offer waves of grating mockery at your mere presence.

This tree looks long dead, though its trunk is twisted just so to create the visage of a great skull of roots and bark, with a pair of hateful glowing eyes that track your movement. Jutting from the earth all around it are ragged stone obelisks, or at least just their pyramidions, each marked with glowing lines and sigils which cause the stomach to churn if they are looked at for too long.

he sees the tree and the mazehound dancing with another person 
he says this is unhindged and leaves with the blueprints 
19:35 higsun 37
dan stands his ground 
so much for diplomacy 
he attacks the mazehound 
eager slips behind dan as he swings and attacks the mazehound from behind 
remi runs away she sees a mazehound exit from the bushes she yells oh no! as she fires a bolt
the mazehounds move in constrict salam and dan
who quickly break out salam is heavly injured by this 
📅 A New Day Dawns
28 Highsun, 1040
Jovias — ☀️ Golden Summer
🌤️ Partly Cloudy, 26°C
markop is heading back he hears the group he is alert ant notices an ambush as he sees an item on the floor 
he prepares a undead remedy and puts it on his sword attacks the mazehound her skin melts as he pushes it back with a shield and runs 
18:63 
salam super jumps over a mazehound says remi be careful there is another mazehound behind you 
an injured mazehound limps over to markop 
i was at the diner 
you attacked first what have you done 
look man im sorry but what do you want 
to put on a show 
how do i know your telling the truth
one of them had a red caped dress 
what are you talking about you know what im going to leave 
i recgonized someone with a hand fan and a cape vivan 
eager gets attacked by someone 
markop talks to the mazebound he explains he wants artifacts removed from the grove but other mazebounds dont they are hostile 
markop examines the trinket it pokes him 
 A tarnished brass circlet lined with a strip of stiff, dried leather that bears the faint chemical smell of alchemical preservation. On the inside, written in Archie's cramped ink, is a desperate mantra: 'The eye sees across – the band keeps me from falling in.' Faint grooves mark where the metal dug into his brow during the unstable Third Eye Escape on Highsun 20, when he traversed alien dimensions to evade capture. The band itself vibrates faintly when brought near mirrors or planar boundaries, as though resonating with tears in reality.

This circlet represents Archie's personal safeguard against the very magic he studied. After encountering his own two‑eyed clone in the sewers beneath the restaurant on Highsun 14—a clone desperate to steal his third eye for the Iron Legion's necromancers—Archie became obsessed with protecting his mind from dimensional fracture. The band is his answer: crude, painful, but effective. It kept him anchored during his escape through the Deep Layers and prevented the Oracle's fractured visions from consuming him entirely during the Shattered Ritual.

While attuned and worn, you gain a +1 bonus to Intelligence (Arcana) checks and Wisdom (Perception) checks involving portals, planar anomalies, mirrors, or time distortions. Once per long rest, when you would suffer a teleportation mishap, become Banished, or be pulled into an extra‑dimensional space against your will, you can use your reaction to negate that effect for yourself. Each time you use this reaction, you gain one level of Short‑Term Madness as you momentarily see the fractured timelines the way Archie did—Physical, Shadow, Fey, and Deep Mirror all overlapping in impossible geometries.
remi is that you 
i dont know is it me 
he asks is anyone near you 
i dont know let me ask this guy who is fighting me 
markop runs over and runs behind the mazebound striking it in the head 
remi poses her dagger so the mazebound falls onto her knife 
eager slashes at one alot you see the skin slightly melting on it but it still has fight left in it 
salam fires a bow point blank at it as the mazehound grabs dan and retreats 
MARKOP
Let go of me!

MAZEBOUND 1
(Into Markop’s ear, falsetto)
But the dance has just begun!

MAZEBOUND 2
(Grabbing his leg)
And you’re the guest of honor, son!

(The camera/view pans to the rest of the party—Bowser, Dan, Salam, Eager—as vines shoot out to separate them.)

LEAD MAZEBOUND
(Pointing a long gray finger at the group)
Look at this motley crew!
Divide and conquer, boys!
Review!

(The Mazebound encircle the others, singing rapidly in a patter-song style)

MAZEBOUND GROUP
Check the Turtle! Big and loud!
Crack the shell to please the crowd!
Check the Archer! Check the Whip!
Watch them stumble, watch them slip!
Check the Toads—one blue, one green?
Or is he purple? Is he mean?
Is he Dan? Or is he fake?
Throw him in the garden rake!

(Remi tries to run, but a Mazebound blocks her path with a theatrical bow.)
dan is taken into the mazebound grove as another one ambushes remi she swings at the one infront of her she turns her dagger sideways jams it in 
no effect remi is weak 
if you leave we will stop attacking a mazehound says just leave our items alone 
remi says we came here to get our friend so we will leave 
LIAR we don't belive you only liars say that 
eager whips the mazebound and ties it foot causes it to fall 
the mazehounds face is melting 
dont mind me i have thick skin 
why wont you die salam says 
oh that dog i had a vison i saw that mechinical dog in a dream ill get you and your little dog too 
mossy remi wispers
salam fires an arrow 
hears a voice says OW you shot me 
bowser appears from the bushes holding a messy research bundle 
says who shot me 
markop says i don't know 
bowser is angry he roars fire is seen throughout the trees dan sees this as he is surrunded by mazebound 
dan looks at a mazebound stares at one sees blood on its face a third eye? dan thinks it might be archie 
dan says let go of me 
but the dance has just begun 
and were jsut starting to have fun 
the injured mazehound waves disapears into the bushes 
others retreat except the ones the party is engaged with they tell remi will you leave without a goodbye kiss?
remi says i have to go to get out of here its hands come out almost in a hug markop swings at it cutting its hands
Hunched over, snub-nosed, gray skinned humanoids lunge out of the hedge walls, hissing and snarling like animals. Their white glowing eyes follow your every movement as long, sharp nails click and scrape with every movement.

These twisted grotesques glare with a baleful hatred, resentful of your intrusion upon their hallowed ground.

28 higsun 1040 
20:47 
twilight 
the mazehounhd tries to kiss remi she doges and runs away 
dan surrunded sees to bolts fired at the mazehounds they both retreat 
dan says eh notices a bolt on the ground freshly fired 
another fires at the one fighitng markop they all retreat the mazehounds 
dan runs back to party asks who shot the bolt bowser says wasnt it remi 
dan spots someone tells remi lets get out of the maze 
📅 A New Day Dawns
29 Highsun, 1040
Venerias — ☀️ Golden Summer
☁️ Overcast, 24°C
the toads starts sining as they march out 
they run into a dead end 
the toads prepare to attack through the hedges 
bowser offers to burn through the hedges 
we resuced markop just burn these hedges 
were is he 
did he not come 
remi cuts through them completely as the toads check up on the party 
they call out markops name instead someone comes out 
“Call it a tactical investment. You're still breathing. That makes you potentially useful.”
Let’s say certain organizations value stability. And right now, you wandering through this place alive contributes more to stability than your corpses would. Consider the bolts courtesy of enlightened pragmatism
he says 
the toads say they ran into trouble already 
remi arrives at greenohyuse 
bowser pulls a footlocker out from his backpack remi can barley hold onto it 
toads getting lost in maze eager agrees to head back
toads arrive back at main party group find markop 
remi enters the room with a lockpick bowser picks up his box 
remi enters the tool room with the gang 
This small space is packed with all manner of forks and shovels, and other implements necessary to tend to the grounds of the manor. More notably though, are a few small plants growing alone in this space, and the table covered in rather normal looking produce. Not a piece of it appears to be made of shadow or strange ectoplasm, unlike everything else around this place.
remi says 
A worn leather pouch with too many tiny pockets, each one carefully labeled in cramped shorthand you don't immediately understand. The leather shows signs of being singed, frozen, acid‑burned, and possibly bitten at various points in its history. Despite the abuse, the stitching is surprisingly intact, as though someone kept repairing it out of stubborn necessity. It smells strongly of sulfur and something organic that might be guano.
bowser says wait that is archies pouch 
holy crap remi says 
A shabby, many‑pocketed leather pouch labeled on the inside flap in Archie's bitterly self‑aware scrawl: 'For When Everything Goes to Hell (again)'. Inside are neatly bundled "emergency" components arranged for the three spells Archie relied on most when cornered, when plans collapsed, when he had to burn his way out of yet another disaster of his own making. The organization is meticulous despite the pouch's worn, stained exterior, suggesting Archie restocked and reorganized this kit obsessively, probably during sleepless nights on the Vigilance or while hiding in Raventree's haunted corridors.

The contents tell the story of Archie's survival strategy better than any journal entry: a wax bead and pinch of bat guano in a vial labeled "Greenhouse Special" for Fireball, the spell that saved the party but destroyed his reputation. A thin piece of glass and a silver wire for Counterspell and Shield, the defensive magic that kept him alive through Mages' Guild ambushes and Iron Legion interrogations. And a smear of phosphorescent fungus scraped from Raventree's infected walls, used to boost Misty Step and Invisibility when he needed to disappear—from enemies, from allies, from consequences.

The pouch has 3 charges, refilling to 3 at dawn if the bearer spends 10 minutes rearranging the components and muttering Archie's bitter prep mantra: some variation on "Not again, not like last time, this time I'll be ready." When you cast a spell that matches one of the three categories above—area damage fire, defensive abjuration, or emergency escape—you can expend 1 charge to cast it without using a spell slot, though the spell must be of a level you can normally cast. Each time you use a charge, roll a d20. On a 1, some small, cosmetic echo of Archie's casting style appears: burned footprints in his gait pattern, a Wahbook notification sound only you can hear, or a ghostly whisper of 'You owe me for that one' in his exact cadence. It has no mechanical effect but may unsettle or irritate anyone who knew him.
eager finds woodcarving tools in the manor 
7:19 
bowser asks remi were he went 
probably doing something safe with friends 
remi says we might have missed something a detail 
they head back into the maze 
they all rest at the fountain 
vivian  appears as they rest saying sizes them remi doges it 
he says my coranation must be perfect as the party doges 
offers remi a deal ill bring you home for a price to pay dont interfear with my coranation shake my hand 
so mr magic man do you think you can demostrate how you plan to send us home practice on our bodies 
she vaporizes a servant 
did he just forget how to exist it dosent look like he teleported 
bowser uses firebreaths as the toads and markop run past remi tries to fire her arrow 
toads and remi run inside doging venvessa as she tries to touc him 
the door closes a gaurd blocks it markop and bowser are split off 
Kryn Corvinarus is sitting in the room offers them a drink say oriacle is in stable condition oragus cornelius 
remi and taods discuss about portal underneath carpet poetnial escape route 
kyrn comes up with a dirnk 
he hands remi a milky fatts white liquid 
kyrn offers eager 
A thick, grey, oily substance which smells faintly like decaying flowers.

A bubbling orange liquid which smells faintly of cinnamon. Tastes like smoke and regret.
they both deny 
remi enjoys her milk and they head into a staircase nearby kyrn locks the doors saying good luck they head upstairs into 
The master bedroom is luxurious and large, dominated by red furnishings.

A wide red couch to the immediate left is flanked by ornate silver vases, filled with roses whose petals seem to be made of clotted blood, each attached to a black stem bristling with thorns. Aside this is a desk with space for two.

The main area of the bedroom features numerous cabinets, chests of drawers, and wardrobes. A nook toward the north of the room provides seating for two and what is likely a commanding view of the estate's back yards.

A large four post bed with velvet curtains half drawn easily rests two, and near it two doors exit to the south. In the north, a quiet nook houses a small table and a pair of chaise couches, curtains partially undrawn to look out upon the bleak and dark lands over which Kryn and vivian  rule.


the portal under the carpet is not how i left it so someone else must have been here 
they dont know how to use it 
the toads see the portal the rug rolled up someone touched it 
toads remebmer candles remi remembers mirrors they dont rember the incanation though 
remi dosent find anything 
remi walks in on the oriacle taking a bath 
good to see you alive see you to your bussiness 
what did you see there the toads asks 
someone that i heard about 
the toads try the door its locked 
eager at the door oriacle oraginal is that you open door 
oh toads what would we do without you remi says as they bang 
GAURDS orangus cornvieras yells 
a fight ensues in the bedroom 
eager hides dan stands gaurd 
remi says wait as she points to the portal frame what about that 
he says what alright lower your wepaons i need to see that 
they oblidge 
19:13
they study the ruins see planar magic 
oragnus exits injured orders them to leave 
remi asks if he sees who shot you 
an orange toad atacking a green toad intresting 
remi thinks about killing orangus now but decides not too 
remi heads out with toads the door closes with an arcane lock and the stairs door 
Mystic Morel appears offers them cards says hes looking for archei wants to join party remi says its a great idea toads are heastants 
he offers remi cards she accepts 
The Oracle's Deck

The Oracle's Deck
IX
🌿
The Maze Walker

“A lone figure navigating a living hedge maze, ancient shrines and Autumnal Gate at every turn.”
Lore

Hjumpik — navigating the Maze of Time, bartering with Wario, dueling guard-captain Thistle. He pays in "experience" and walks between dimensions as naturally as breathing.
Upright

Solitude as survival. The path only you can walk.
Reversed

Lost in the maze. Walking in circles calling it progress.
IX
The Present

The Oracle's Deck

The Oracle's Deck
VIII
🕷️
The Titan of the Grove

“A colossal toad-man grappling with a giant spider, a banishment circle glowing beneath them.”
Lore

Markop accepted the Oracle's blessing and grew to match the Arachnid Matriarch. Salem's crossbow bolt through its eye. The Oracle's arrow into its abdomen. It fell into the banishment circle and was consumed by light.
Upright

The courage to become something monstrous to fight something worse.
Reversed

Brute force that solves nothing. Growing large while remaining small.
VIII
The Future

The Oracle's Deck

The Oracle's Deck
III
🦋
The Delicate Host

“A fairy queen reclining in an overgrown bedroom, razor-vines for curtains, a broken circle beneath the rug.”
Lore

Lady Aurelian Corvinarus plays the delicate hostess while her manor devours guests alive. The Guardian Butterfly sleeps at her door. The magic circle beneath her rug takes 4 days to repair.
Upright

Hospitality as a trap. Beauty that conceals rot.
Reversed

The mask slips. The vines retract. You see the bones underneath.
III
he says see the rug is in the future your destant to be with me anyway
the toads say should we trust him  
remi says he gave me cards that said the past present or future 
remi said two out of three 
toads think he was stalking them 
what would happen if we dont trust you 
you need me more than i need you i know how to do the cricle you can trust me 
remi thinks we should let him tag along 
toads still dont trust him 
he offer insense gives it to remi 
they walk upstairs doors unlocked 
he leads them to the attics 
to vivian 's Private Garden
the gaurd dosent stop them 
purple t and remi are alone he picks gave it you and said the ring on your finger will titan every day archie isnt found till its chopped off, and if you tell your friends itll activate 
remi says oh no as she walks dowstairs 
heres someone at the door they easedrop 
"The party found the entropy cricle they dont know the truth of it yet they think its planar"
"we also had an intruder a planar portal opened a purple toad" 
"we will keep monitoring it" 
3:17 30 higsun 1040
partially dan 
in the mirror room that was me i was the fake one, but here in the shadowfell im the real one 
... meanwhile in bushes 
bryan real dan the mole and purple T spy on them 
well they admitted it archie isn't here and there is another dan on the lose 
huh when was dan here
theyve done it now there is a fake dan 
what do we d now archie is not there 
bryan says we should follow them 
purple t says i can directly confront them 
we should follow them back to archie 
is it safe 
i am not sure 
bryan says i did resaerch under the gods toads tootlege this is the shadowfell lets follow them to the manor  
maybe we should splitup 
no 
they continue into the forest no horse footprints
purple t says wait lets sing 
as they strat sining there stopped 
At the heart of this dreadful grove is a great, towering tree with vast branches reaching out to form a massive canopy from which dozens of corpses hang by the necks. Its boughs are covered in hundreds of shadow crows with crimson eyes that offer waves of grating mockery at your mere presence.

This tree looks long dead, though its trunk is twisted just so to create the visage of a great skull of roots and bark, with a pair of hateful glowing eyes that track your movement. Jutting from the earth all around it are ragged stone obelisks, or at least just their pyramidions, each marked with glowing lines and sigils which cause the stomach to churn if they are looked at for too long.


The strange figure turns suddenly, facing the grim visage of the great, gnarled tree. He tilts his head, listening intently.

Hmm?

he emits an inquisitive noise.

Yes…yes.

He adds, as if confirming the thought, and before anyone can inquire what he might have heard, he is already coursing across the glade, scythe raised and glinting with menace.

bryan offers peace purple t says no weapons wont fight scorncrow points to a hanging corpse 
then leave the grove 
well leave just let us pass 
no leave the grove 
this central grove is my grove not yours 
hmm 
bryan talks to dan 
bryan and dan talk about going another way 
dan says no archie gotta be over there through the path 
bryab says i know but this guy 
fine we wont fight 
dan wispers to bryan i wouldve fire balled him if we were to fight 
they notice the mole and purple t are gone 
In the corners of this scene there are four old, abandoned fountains brimming with warm, viscous blood. They stink of rich iron, old blood, and new. It is impossible to tell where the blood spills from. There is nothing within the fountains to be found aside from bloody hands for the attempt.

bryan says we shouldnt look at this 
they see the mole in the distance figure they are doing there own thing 
bryan says were are we now dan 
they entered the mazehound grove 
looks like were here
they spot chalk 
23 higsun 
dan looks at chalk bryan says you sure you want to pick it up 
they see someone exit through the fountain 
Hidden away in the easternmost corner of the maze is a small shrine that radiates with an ancient power that feels far older than the estate, older than magic itself, if such a thing were possible.

A humanoid stands upon a gray stone plinth, his legs and head that of a deer, while the rest of him that of a man. In his hands he grasps a barbed spear and his gemmed eyes glow with an orange light.

At the base of this statue is a swirling pool of water that reflects a chaotic sky of clouds and stars. In the space around this ancient altar the plants grow green, colors return to flesh and cloth, and a sensation of wellness hangs in the air here.

dan picks up the chalk 
nothing happens 
they assume its for runecricles 
mazebounds enter they fight a fire bolt is hurled at one of them another one swings and misses+
13 26 is time 
bryan swings hammer 
they are all missing each other no one is hitting  
one finally gets a hit bryan is bleeding and slahsed maze hound got him 
welcome to the grove 
welcome to the gray 
youll never find archie miser so you might as well stay 
a massive fireball is hurled 
the grove is on fire 
#
cut to bryan and mysteivl 
you remember the protocol right rakasha asks as she opens the door 
to go to the island and regroup with our comprades 
give us a debreifing on operaiton homecoming 
well i think yes? we comeplted it but somewhat no both of us was there and there was a koopa troop there from the looks of it he made more progress than me we  dont know if the koopa troop did the objective for us 
what else we havent seen him afterwards sooooo yeah thats the full extent of our report 
outside of that thats all data 
well its better than nothing 
rakasha places a flower in a water cup container it glows pink a passage opens 
well shall we go 
no we remain gaurd 
fine 
29 higsun 1040 17 : 38 
i get the snese someone will slide a dagger in my brain if i let my gaurd down 
footsteps head towards door 
the head priest is coming someone shouts all rakasha line up and head to entrance 
do you know the head pirest the raksaha asks them as they wait 
we dont know 
well is the headpriest  is ocming! 
rakasha all bow 
big r and mistyvil bow 
he says hmm thats all not enough people 
we have a toad god to kill they enter another room 
illeigel subtances are he smuggled in from the mushroom kingdom civil war 
he takes a bite 
used to be better he says as he enters another room alone 
HOW DARE YOU ITS NOT CORRECT 
he walks back in room 
i need help which one of you want to 
all rakasha wistle preneted to be busy 
you what are you doing here your not rakasha 
were just on offical bussiness on another order 
were just killing time  you know 
you have creditals 
here you go he gives it to him 
he leads them to a room full of skeletons corpses and dead bodies pilled alot of them almost scraly distrubing 
what do you think this is what ive been collecting 
what is this your stash 
oh a mass grave 
no no you know what i can do from this 
the skeletons rise from the ashes a skeleton army 
mystivl thinks i thought this guy was a crack head but seeing this yeah this kinda proves it 
whats this undead army for 
to enforce the rules enforce the rakasha will 
do the other rakasha know about this 
probably not  but when they die theyll join them anyway 
your planning to kill them? 
hmm well kill is a astrong word 
maybe recurit them 
what else can these skeletons do 
SIEZE THEM skeleteons come pouring thrhough rooms 
they run quickly into the other raksha telling evacuate they kill you 
we got to get out of there 
the rakasha are heastant we have files here they say if the rebels get them 
HELP HELP they all run mystivl and big r run 
📅 A New Day Dawns
30 Highsun, 1040
Saturias — ☀️ Golden Summer
🌤️ Partly Cloudy, 28°C
they are outside they got away
what do we do now  big r says 
i do not know mystivl says 
they run into a rakasha ontop of a ruin markings 
the plane shift should be ready 
a light flashes the two taods dash into it there ina crystal cave 
big r is hidden mystivl is not 
they see a giant dragon 
how is the plane merging coming along 
slow but steady 
once the planes merge will we have another dragon mountain 
but this time it wont end 
well someone else is attempting to merge plains already 
its far from here but if - when they sucessed we will strike dragons will rise against them 
tell that to your friends we will contineue this later the dragon leaves 
mystivl explains the priest sitution to the rakasha as they are found out 
what why which high pirest alyrn alluta 
we dont know he was in all black 
all black thats not offical rakasha priestist clothing its usually white 
well we saw him in all black 
thats not good 
could he be not a rakasha 
what but than if its not a rakasha how could he be a rakasha priest 
we do not know 
long story short were on offical negoatied bussiness were not in your army were just members of another faciton 
you didnt see who i was talking too did you 
no we didnt the toads lie 
were are you headed how did you get here you do polanar travel too?
were going to rougeport and we were just in this dangerous cave for so long that uhh we saw you and had to tell you 
we dont know were freaking out 
fine ill send you there a direct ship to rougeport no a direct planer ship to rougeport 
wait can w- 
they are zapped and on a button in the middle of a naval war 
iron legion ships 
mushroom regency ships 
pirate 
fire the canons they here they see captin syurp 
welcome to rougeport bay 
9 38 30 higsun 
markop wakes up being dragged by the tail by bowser the chase is still on 
markop says what happened i was with remi and you came in 
were are we 
running away from that guy 
banging on door 
who is he were am i were is the party 
i held him off with fire breath and had to drag you in here 
markop survays the room 
This small space is packed with all manner of forks and shovels, and other implements necessary to tend to the grounds of the manor. More notably though, are a few small plants growing alone in this space, and the table covered in rather normal looking produce. Not a piece of it appears to be made of shadow or strange ectoplasm, unlike everything else around this place.
bowser still holding door 
an axe is thrown at the door 
its not going to hold forever 
vinvessa walks in laughs a blinding smoke enters room markop deflects it goes outside 
the battle begins 
bowser knocks him in the head as he enters 
markop slashes at him with his battle axe 
he laughs as he bleeds only in his red robes 
he falls to his knees casts a giant spell at markop 
he laughs did you know the shadowfell supress magic but not this magic a red beam of distengration hits markop he feels he is at deaths doors he preys to his god and a divine shield is formed 
the power is immense his armour barley stands 
markop burns the spell components bowser picks up his a wand oooh is this a magic wand 
markop has no idea 
cut to remi 
purple toad opens the door tells them to come on in 
you know what happens to people that dont find archie miser 
they keep looking till they find him 
remi says he seems like a nice man 
eager says surley this wont come back to bite us 
a gaurd comes up at jokingly says your friends are dead 
remi belives him your friends are dead 
remi says thats very sad 
the gaurd offers her a remedy for her sadness 
time is 23 16
he offers her a drink glowing so bright it can be used as a light source 
remi says oh boy one last trip down memory lane 
remi says down the hatch and chugs it 
📅 A New Day Dawns
1 Harvestide, 1040
Soldas — ☀️ Golden Summer
☀️ Clear and Sunny, 25°C
remi starts glowing a radaent light fills the room remi says woah im like a disco 
the toads say there hurting there eyes 
they decide to look for markops body 
they run into kyrn and a gaurd they quickly say remi is too bring the gaurds are blinded by the light 
first stair is empty 
pierece anamatar says if your looking for stairs theres some over there without anyone else mentioning stairs 
they enter a library toadburt is that you a toad asks 
toadburt is there with peirece anamatar 
ringless 
remi looks for the entropy ring says your useless for 
they both leave toadburt says he has a meeting to get to with the archvist 
remi heads to doors sees them talking to the archivist  listens in and follows them 
she listens in they talk to toadburt about his healing plans every two weeks something is healed he sasys hes not evil hell slowly heal him up while he works for him as an archivsit 
will say more details later someone is listening in they open door 
remi is infornt of the door the archivist is looking in with pierce anamatar 
remi comes across imps tells them to check out stairs 
the imps humor her say they will look in exchange for her helping pick up a fallen bookshelf 
remi picks it up well and finishes all her section is good the toads section is a mess 
eager,dan,salam are the toads btw 
they head back to main lobby 
markop is picking up bowser who fell down the stairs 
remi says its remi 
markop says its too bring why are you glowing right you drank a random potion and became bright?
does it hurt 
no not really 
i look like a disco ball!
uhh
so you drank a random potion because a guy said you were dead 
i needed some brightness and the guy said it would help 
now that i can see you too are alive w
well thats akward 
glad to have you back markop eager says
6:55 am 
markop hands remi the wand vivians wand 
remi says its cool to touch cold, it seems to be a necormancars wand 
toads notice gaurds gathering 
markop asks why are you looking for both 
well long story 
remi says does anyone notice there is gaurds everywhere 
the gaurds enter which gaurd gave you the drink 
who made you glow daylight which gaurd 
idential looking gaurds enter the room 20 of them 
which gaurd gave you this vile drink 
toad burt pirece anamatar and kyrn comes in 
remi picks the gaurd that come in last asks them all were they came from 
he says he came in 32f during kyrns ceraonomies was recurited now gaurds atrumn 
next one
rose from ashes now protect kyrn 
next one 
why do you want to know 
suspoisus 
are you the one 
am i the one for you???? eyelashes large smiling gaurd 
next 
toads intrupt what are you doing remi 
wait you were there help me search these gaurds 
toads says no purple t gave it 
purple t enters 
how dare you accuse me of such malpracctece 
remi says you really did it 
purple t says no , ill need your eyes your sight for this ill bring you home in exchange for your eye your vision not phyiscally but mentally  
remi agrees 
remis eye turn purples she stops glowing the deal is made she is not home 
purple t laughs as hes about to leave bumps into a gaurd is grabbed and taken off by shadowfell gaurds say you think you can do magic in our estate 
the gaurds say the mystry still is not solved but remi needs to be checked out 
they bring her to the infermary princess carry her
the party follows behind 
they lead her to a bedroom 
gaurd block door say client patenet privaliage 
markop asks remi can i come in to remi 
remi says its fine they might look at stuff 
they close the door 
bowser shoves the door gaurd aside 
stay back ill gaurd door 
he listens in 
remi says ill feel fine 
have you ever put on a entropy blocker ring before 
well no i have not 
well what it does is block entropy and third parties from looking in to your bussiness 
toads say no and open the door 
bowser stumbles in 
hey whats the big deal the gaurds were helping me 
that is a entropy ring 
markop says whats the big idea 
stay away from the pateint the gaurds get in formation 
a standoff is occuring 
14 31 harveside 1 a new month has started
background of intergation 
vivian venvessa vivinassa whatever you call him is tied up markop and bowser stand above him 
well you missed why dont you swing again 
whats your name 
Vivian  Vivesna  Vinvessa which one do you perfer 
vivian i guess 
oh thats great ill use that more often 
why were you attacking us 
three things - why should i tell you 
why are you trying to kill me 
the mazebounds didnt get to you first 
but we were friendly at the diner 
yes but three things changed since the diner thats up to you to find out what 
why - 
well those three things demanded action and i took it 
well i can let you live even if you disingetgrated me 
well the heir we dying thats one of them 
so why were you trying to kill us 
he gives a crooked smile kill? no blight you.
bowser grabs his hand while he is tied up and squeezes his hand turns purple
are you working alone 
You’ve stumbled into my manor uninvited
what do you mean i am the right heir 
To the gala of the year.
The mood is gray, the guests are blighted,
you mean delighted 
no no 
you killed them 
soon once i get out of this 
is anyone working for you 
well the whole manor will be envetally 
the mazehounds were all blightied once yet 
this goes all the way to the top markop wispers more people blighting people 
alright well how many people are you planning on blighting 
well just the manor guests just enough till i become the sole heir of the manor and become in charge 
what do you want than 
Orangus Cornelius is recovering i want him dead he will make a scuesfull recovery if no one interfears 
wh-what do you plan to do once you take over 
hmm well i plan to close the planner fractures making this house become isolated from the outside world and any outside influnces making me the soul controler of this world 
how about the others 
well succesion laws say that once kyrn become heir than it goes to me the others will submit on there own 
how did you find out about us 
i saw you on the guest list 
how long have you been following us 
mazehounds enter the room 
long enough 
markop stabs vivian in the chest 
Welcome to the Green!
Welcome to the Gray!
You’ll never find the fountain
So you might as well stay!
mazehound asks what do you think of our song 
terrible 
can you and your friend go the mazehound asks 
why 
i need to access the bod-
...
markop says i think ill go with the body....
bowser picks up body 
i wouldnt leave if i were you there is a murderer out there the body will really weigh you down so you got to go 
really?
listen here fellas i dont like your tone 
theres a nice tree we can take him too mazehound says 
ill give you information in exchange for the body the mzaehound asks
im not giving you the body 
how about this a hand 
a hand?
yes give a single hand 
yeah im not doing that 
how about just the wig 
markop isnt sure if its a bad idea 
he checks the wig hair is on it no magic to found it was cut off glued to his hair 
ill give you info for good will the person before you is not blood related to the Corvinarus  family 
yeah Corvinarus  is a toad and shes not 
oh and they arrived to this vivian is a boy actually 
thats not a jester of good will 
well they were disguised as a person named vivinessa a thrawll to the manor and they got close to the heir and thats history 
they exit and leave 
they come across someone waiting 
Marcus Ashfold he introduces himself orangus military consultant 
he says he was watching the battle unfold and taking notes wasnt at the diner because he had to keep an eye on the three ey-
he says nevermind and walks away 
they head inside and burn the corpse 
were to store the ash 
meat bag
markop says disresepctufl 
clown car?
not practical 
they ask a gaurd to help burry her 
thats horrible  who died 
vivi
okay i understand i can get a proper berrial for them 
the gaurd uses his sword to pick up ashse and drag it into the shield the ashes are blown away is he truly dead 
head inside 
kyrn appears happy says orangus is making a good recovery 
your friends should be upstairs 
they do an inventory check swomething falls out of bowsers bag 
markop picks it up for bowser
A crumpled piece of high-quality pink stationery. It features Bowser's handwriting, which is surprisingly elegant calligraphy (a skill forced upon him by royal tutors). It attempts to explain his presence at Raventree Manor to Princess Peach without sounding like a villain. Current Draft reads: 'Dear Peach, I heard you were here. I am NOT kidnapping you. Unless you want to go? No, wait. I am just visiting. Please do not unleash Mario on me. Love, Bowser.' The paper has several burn marks on the edges from frustration.
are you actually sorry 
...
im not sorry for the rakasha 
...
what
okay
well fine i am sorry yes 
he starts crying 
its okay man lets just find your friends 
markop gives it back to him 
they head upstairs bowser trips and falls on markop 
cut to remi 
what are you going to do with remi taods ask 
cure her of purpleeyetus 
toads dont buy it 
the toads say remi do you trust these oynx hand gaurds 
they did say they were going to help me so i dont see why we shouldnt trust them :)
gaurds offer her a gift 
1 Harvestide, 1040
Soldas — ☀️ Golden Summer
☀️ Clear and Sunny, 25°C
the oynx hand gaurd another one enters with a gift 
a letter titled 
to remi 
from your vampire friends inside is a ring 
with a paper 
to my very intresting friend remi. this is your friendship special friendship ring 
markop asks who gave this to you as the gaurds block his way to remi 
remi points to the gaurd 
remi says its a friendship ring for friends remi recognizes the handwriting its the same one from the guest book 
remi decides to keep the ring faint smoke comes from it 
oynx hand knights say leave the room while doing the investiragtion
markop asks about the other ring 
oynx knights say it was a best friendship ring they dont want to be too pushy 
they bring out a anklet say if a ring wont work a friendship anklet will work 
remi says no letter so she passes 
a onyx kinght "trips" into remi cutting her eye as markop asks if he could check her eyes
markop enters they let her pass 
he sees her eye has a gash in it cant notice if anything else if the oynx hand is actually lying 
gaurds strageticly reposion 5 cornor door 5 conor toads 5 block bowser markop and remi 
toads are consdered 
gaurds offer remi to play hide and seek remi and the gaurds hide and friends seek remi agrees
markop says we have to ggo we have a friend missing 
oh the oynx hand says whats your friends name 
markop set up a ritual 
they prepare there waepons a battle might start 
"marcus ashford" enters hand remi a nearly empty supply kit 
he says stand down the gaurds stand down he offers it to remi 
down the hatch if you will he says 
she downs it 
both her eyes turn blue 
markop dosent trust it but realizes they were orginally blue 
markop notices they are one tint lighter he also notices were the gash is black smoke is coming out of it 
remi says im sure its the healing process 
markop thinks it might be evil leaving the body
remi finds out the smoke is not magical 
📅 A New Day Dawns
2 Harvestide, 1040
Lunadas — ☀️ Golden Summer
🌤️ Partly Cloudy, 23°C
gaurds say they want to ring back to recharge it black smoke comes out of it 
they say its leaking entropy they need to recharge it 
markop ritual completes he sees magical items and entities 
he notices magical items necormacy magic is the ring there is another ring in another pocket its destructive magic 
in the wall he notices a bunch of magical siginatures maybe someone is spying 
the toads notice markus ashford swipe a pink paper from bowser they dont say anything 
...
almost out than the toads finally admit it they stole a note from bowser 
wait a minuet were is my paperwork
toad thing did you steal it 
no we didnt steal it 
bowser readys his warhammer 
Your “Speaker,” your “mission,” your naïve crusade—
Crumble at the sound of our iron parade.
so you want to make an enemy of the koopa kingdom 
One silent signal, one disciplined stride,
he snaps his fingers
And the Legion sweeps the board—clean, dignified.
gaurds block bowser and the toads 
shall i read this letter out to you 

dear peac-
alright alright you can stop i get it 
remi spots the vampire toad walking up the hallwy 
lets go find archie at the airship 
last time i saw archie his eyes rolled so far back he lost the plot markus says 
he starts taunting bowser 
And Bowser—dearest Bowser—former king,
Still roaring loud though he’s lost everything.
Spikes, flame, bluster—such a tired act;
We seized his throne with elegance and tact.
bowser says CAN WE GO NOW 
as he taunts more 
go ahead look for the Three-eyed failure on display! or the dwarf and toads the lost your way 
they all leave the room 
Bowser’s strays—what a bore!
Run along, run along—mind the door!
remi heads downstairs into the library she enters imps say they found archie lead her to room as others follow behind realize its locked 
bowser should REMI NO as he busts down the door bowser grabs an imp and crushes it says trong people tell the truth 
blood comes out he throws it to the flower 
anyway these guys donts seem that strong i dont trust them 
she enters the archivist room door locks 
he snaps fingers says shes free to go her friends will die at the hands of imp a bloodly toadburt is spotted in the room 
he says he erased him tells fng to leave 
bowser sees the imps transform into giants demons and monsters 
the archivist smiles as he leads remi to the exit door 
even a king knows not to push his limits bowser says catch you later he runs to the exit from the giant cretures 
bowser thinks to himself i dont want these people to die hjumpik wouldnt like this he leaves the grand entrance to the libarry open 
the toads run away 
cut to remi only one way to go gaurds at every door shes alone one door remains the workshop 
remi enters the workshop 
This compact studio is tightly confined chaos bathed in teal and orange. Shelves and racks line the walls, loaded with hammers, chisels, picks and rasps of all types. Stone and dust litters every surface. The air is thick with unsettled stone that cakes the throat and nostrils with every breath.

Against one wall, bathed in pale light from a lantern above, a slender, armored figure is half-carved from a block of bone white marble, appearing to be a beautiful elven warrior. The artistry on display is astounding even for this partially complete piece.

In the opposite corner is a hooded figure made of similar stone, the folds of cloth and creases of flesh so intricate as to appear real under the flickering green light cast by the candle globe affixed overhead.

This medusa has naturally pale skin that is flawlessly smooth and veined like marble stone.

To avoid being mistaken for a statue she has covered her skin haphazardly with vibrant paint, though the colors appear as pale imitations of what they should be.

She drapes herself in simple clothing and fine jewelry that dimly glitters in what little light exists in the Shadeward Manor.

Her crown of snakes sway and move all on their own, and fluctuate between unblinkingly peering at objects around them or focusing on whatever Lyranth is looking at.

she glares at remi says smile as remi turns to stone ... 
they await in the main hall
markop asks were remi is 
toads say remi went in a random door 
they decide to walk in the manor aside from going around and head around to remi rather than directly going in the room 
bowser says he knows pursasan and balls his hands into fists 
toads decide they want other way 
bowser is tired of it start to leave but markop convinces him to stay 
they end up choosing outside he looks through the window into the library sees imps scribing the people at the door opened the door
there talking to eachother the imps look up and write down something and repeat 
markop sees a statue of Vivesna the person he killed 
bowser asks if markop wants to check there gender if there really a guy 
markop said they dont have time 
archivist continues writing everything down 
they head up looking through the library they see imps flying and making posters they reach the archivist room eager tries to picklock it 
the window swung open archivist says you can't see vampires its a one way mirror laughs as eager falls to the ground 
he hands the toads a poster it says offical art display feat. archie miser turned to stone with an image of remi as stone 
i want to know were my friend is just be straight with me 
at the art exibit 
already 
how did she get there already 
there doing a bidding war in and out next room turn into stone he stops writing for a second 
markop cant tell if he is lying he dosent see any drag marcs 
they continue 
markop sees a medusa person she puts on a paper bag and heads into another room in the other room 
markop sues her sword looking in the room sees a bidding war happening 
remi made of stone is there sold to the highest bidder 
purple T wins the bidding war 
they watch through the window 
a fight breaks out 
mystic morcel says he won the bid he frees remi from stone says she belongs to him 
markop breaks the window 
yells at her to run out 
he  is sholder bashed by wario he falls down bleeding wario says for remi to come with him who is stabbed by a mages guild person saying to come with him 
salam starts flower picking 
bowser charges in the room prepares to burn this down he says move over markop i got this 
he pulls out a device says he can call support from his son 
markop summons a moon beam 
mystic morsole ujmps out the window as choas insues 
remi runs out and jumps into dans arm the art gallary is over 
she is free but next to her is mystic morsole 
they confront mysical morsole say why were you bidding remi 
he claims it with a lie 
what shall we do now together mystic morsole asks 
toads say group dosent trust him 
he offers her a tea blend says its an offer to prove he is trustworthy 
remi says what do you want for it 
the smile on your face 
toads convince her not to take it 
he offers her a strange smelling insense says one sniff will blow her mind away 
dan sighs remi dosent take anything 
markop says no no no 
whats wrong markop horse got your tounge 
they walk off 
purple t aka mystic morsole follows them 
the toads say go away 
remi says he can be our friends 
he says he has to follow her to keep his end of the deal 
markop assks him what deal 
between him and remi 
markop asks remi 
she dosent remember the deal 
remi asks how much she was bid for 
12k 
📅 A New Day Dawns
3 Harvestide, 1040
Terras — ☀️ Golden Summer
☀️ Clear and Sunny, 28°C

bowser grunts i dont like liars we have a place for you in my kingdom
locked in my prision 
im king koopa haha 
wario comes up behind him punches him 
wario werent you dead markop asks 
mr wairo it is he shows a fake mustache 
mr wario i dont owe you money still right bowser asks 
you do still he brings out a long list spanning the legnth of the manison 
he crosses out a item on the list says he paid this much the rest of the list remains 
wario says he remembers remi when he gave her a box the fact it had a bomb was incidental 
toads and markop and co agree to travel to the roads 
bowser notices someone in the bushes green T in the conor of his eyes
he dosent say anything 
4 am time 
markop says we have to find green T and archie now bowser says notihng they arrive at a town 
they all arrive at the town toads says they caused trouble back at the manor so a breather is needed i feel more conferable here 
markop says we should focus on finding green T and archie 
remi runs ahead toads cahse after wait lets go an andventure 
dan grabs remi and fails 
all toads try to grab as remi says oh boy 
they say they have a kids area for her and the sermon today 
remi bolts pasts gaurds and heads inside markop and co yell at her to stop she runs into a scermon they chase after they listen in 
bowser waits outside 
To the One Who Sees, Archie Miser, God of the Third Eye
Hear me, Archie Miser, God of the Third Eye, you who were born with two eyes that saw the world and one that saw through it.
We gather tonight not to worship a distant deity carved in marble or sung in nursery rhymes. We gather to speak to the living god who walks among us, whose third eye opened before he could speak his own name, whose gaze has already burned holes through every lie this kingdom has ever told itself.
You are not a saint, Archie. You are not a martyr. You are not even particularly kind.
You are the fracture.
You are the moment the mirror cracks and the reflection refuses to lie anymore.
remi is scooped up by her friends as they talk but she doges them all with prefect she trips him into a seat 
bugbears reveals that there using the religion to hide from vampires the purple legion he wont come to a place of relegion they think arhcie is a god 
markop says there not turning you into vampires because archie might come 
archie could come here if you wait for him he offers markop 
i dont think he will markop says 
his friend came thats something right 
what friend 
the green toad 
yeah 
green t was here he said archie teamed up with the purple legion 
eager said that cant be 
markop says nevermind 
he was teaming up with an amberation too 
can you decsribe it 
its like a ghost 
i think 
a monster for sure 
he was teaming up with bad people 
they say theyll spare us if you bring archie here bring it 
remi says she dosent want to give up archie to bad guys 
if your looking green t hes probably at the manor 
bowser did you see green T 
bowser dosent remember says no 
markop notices a door is open asks bowser who openned door 
bowser says he didnt hear or see anything 
a gaurd says they walked right past bowser 
bowser said its really peaceful out here do you blame me and he heads into his shell 
they check the open door they just hear water 
they notice a hatch is seceritly 
remi says investigating would be helpful and intresting she skips over to them 
bowser follows her toads suprised he is helping he says mandatory babysitting and points to remi who is heading into the water stream 
remi sees a shiny rock in the water decides not to take it 
bowser chunks a toad into the water revelaing a hidden passage they all trudge the water heading in a secerit entrance 
remi elects to stay behind she dosent want to get wet 
eagr extends his wip ties her leg and she is dragged into the water 
remi cuts his whip eager notices its 8 feet instead of 10 feet 
eager picks up a waterproof map case he finds under water 
remi decides to split up runs into the orginal dan 
oh what are you 
what am i, what i am dosent matter what maters is i find that archie i came here on a whim a three eyed church had to be related to archie 
pay me no mind actually are you with any three eyed people 
well im with alot of people combined thats more than 3 eyes 
he hands dan a photograph 
remi looks at it 
A small, creased photograph that Dan keeps hidden inside his pillowcase, the only personal possession he managed to retain when the Guild brought him in. The image shows a group of toads standing on the deck of an airship—the Vigilance, before everything went wrong. Dan is in the photograph, both arms intact, standing between Eager and Big T with a rare genuine smile on his face. Archie is visible in the background, arguing with someone off-frame. The photograph was taken during a brief moment of calm on Day 7, before the cascading disasters that would scatter and transform everyone involved.

The Guild confiscated Dan's other possessions during his "intake processing," but they missed this photograph, which he'd hidden in his shoe before they searched him. He takes it out sometimes at night, when he's alone in his quarters and the weight of his situation presses down. He stares at the faces of friends he may never see again and asks himself questions he doesn't want to answer. Are they still alive? Have they forgotten him? Would they recognize what he's becoming?

The photograph is evidence of a life before this one, a reminder that Dan chose his loyalties once and might have to choose them again. Every time he looks at it, he tells himself he'll make the right choice when the moment comes. He's less sure each night what the right choice actually is.
she says she regonizes the toads and archie 
he quickly grabs it back says tell me if you find him your not with him are you 
no 
he walks away into the building 
cut to toads investigating 
studying the map 
A leather case containing rolled maps protected from water damage. The maps appear detailed and professionally drawn, with notations in an unfamiliar shorthand. 
they here an explosion 
wait was that a fireball 
eeager heads to notify remi while markop checks in a room up ahead 
salam you protect dan 
markop enters a room see a discombuglated man  he is drinking grape judice
he sees a letter labeled vampiric empire 
why do you have a letter 
oh thats uhh a form recongizing the three eyed relegion as a minor religion in the vampirelands 
he reads it 
temporarly approved until warrent of archie miser is fufillied 
eager reaches remi says we got tog et out of here people are doing fireballs he here screaming 
she hears screaming begins to run off remi is grabbed by eager and dragged off by eager 
salam begins woodcarving as they talk 
she says she dosent want to get wet 
they here screams someone says face is melting there is fire 
screams 
chaos fire sounds
a gaurd comes up to toads says its under control door is not locked lock is melted 
he makes bow and arrow salam gives them to eager 
dan heads into the room 
he stops him 
says dont go in my room im the head priest 
dont you hear the choas in the main church 
they create a gameplan everyone 
bowser 
dosent care 
toads 
might want to investigate 
remi 
door locked
bowser dosent care none of his concenr 
toads want to break in 
dan breaks in a giant fireball appears attacking dan 
another fireball walls crumble dan meets dan 
bowser says time to have so fun 
dan almost walks into a fireball 
📅 A New Day Dawns
4 Harvestide, 1040
Mercurias — ☀️ Golden Summer
⛈️ Thunderstorm, 28°C
a giant flaming sun appears 
real dan says i take after archie miser 
a flaming sun is there its huge emcompsing whole room fake dan backs up 
a flaming snake surrunds real dan other dan says i dont know we were at uhh 
dan says church is an afront to archie he has a look of disguist he is hanigng out with a fake 
markop says we didnt know 
he said he made him stronger now look at my power a giant fire wall come up 
markop says they kidnapped you and you joined them 
dan real says i have real friends at the guild 
bowser runs 
eager noticed a wall of fire he hides with remi 
markop sees dan ask wear archie is 
i dont know im not a church expert but i dont think hes here im sorry what archie did but 
i dont know why your not made at your kidnappers 
hmm well tehy kept me fed 
thats what they do to prisioners 
mages guild would never betray me like archie 
just let us go for old time sake 
archie isnt here anyway 
fine but the hertics will burn your free to go 
5:01 am 
were are you guys headed 
looking for archie 
a guy runs he blasts them with fire 
this is the archie way 
i read his textbooks the mages guild provided me in prision 
he dosent have textbooks markop says 
i read archies third eye volume 1 it said mages guild is law and archie is evil 
does this sound like the guy that guy 
speaker L can be good with hindsight and guidence with the mages guild 
what about arhcie 
archie is a currpting force like that roaring bafoon over there 
he points to bowser 
bowser laughs 
he didnt save me he let me get captured starved and forced to read books all day long 
they kindapped you and replaced you with a fake one who is from another dimension they needed another you to trick archie miser 
that proves his inte.ltict as an evil genuins 
he clearly didnt know i was fake 
other dan says archie its clear he cares about you 
thats what he wanted to do find the real you 
so he can save you 
he kneels other dan archie and the mages guild rules archie and the mages guild i read them all forcefully he was good at first than i read more books archies hidden side the dark side evil his real name is professor A he is in control 
archie may be dumb and rekcless but not evil markop says 
how can i belive you 
im a good guy 
markop says mages cant do fireball 
dan show markop the evil devil head 
markop said well find archie and ask him 
dan runs away and cries bumps into bowser 
were do you think your going 
bowser stops grabs two items from dan real as he cries and runs out 
bowser says i wish toadstool was here as he has books and items on him 
he heads back to group sees a crying bugbear bowser says ill smash him real dan gets in the way 
eager and remi picklock a door remi sees a butterlfy eager chases after him 
surviving members of church of third eye 
bowser says if you were strong youd pick up your friends ashes and run out of here 
runs away and cries 
says he became king because of the koopa thing king king koopa koopa the first koopa  real name was sir koopa fredirckson fiteeth 
markop says lets stop getting off topic 
remi yells butterfly and chases it to the river eager catches up to it at a river remi said i dont want to get wet eager brings him back 
remi eager returns explains to them eeager was kidnapped and indoctronated 
dan says im part of the cult 
markop says dan thats the reason this happened you replaced dan 
dan said i didnt expect this to happen 
markop says ofc you took his place and kidnapped him 
bowser says clasic 
markop thinks were friends with the kidnapper as other dan says i know what i did was bad but im good for real i helped you out 
bowser still dosent remember were green T is why did he hide from us 
bowser blames the toads never trusted them squishy gross 
salam sees an abjuration of the oriacle he points at it noone cares they argues
bowser and markop argue bowser reads his warhammer 
eager says youll blame toad 
salam points it out again we have to go back to the manor 
bowser says keep your strings to yourself as he laughs at a wooden bow 
markop asks bowser were is hjumpiuk 
bowser says i think hes fine 
they head back to the manor 
they arrive at the manor they see wario climibnigng the building 
they call out to him he climbs down 
he says dosent know were green T is 
offers markop to buy materials says sourced ethically 
remi says maybe there recylced 
markop questions why it ethically 
i can sell you green Ts location if you buy it 
remi smells the sent of T near the window 
toads say we dont know what green T looks like 
they reenter the main room Vostolas is crossing something in the main guest list they only see his back they decide to 
remi asks what he is doing 
he says he is earsing history 
markop sees toadburt crossed out 
markop asked he erased toadburt from existing 
no just forgotten you may read about him but you will always forget 
were looking for your friend green T remi asks 
Vostolas offers to help t he party come along right down every little things they will have a nice fairy tale at the end a bedtime story if you will remi is intregeed markop is nevrous 
we can callo the story hmm  the case of the missing toad 
they head to libarary dan looks in Vostolas room looks like he looked in a hurry 
makrop reads story archivist and the toad about a archivist healing a toad to good health the toad being behind on quotas and simply disapearing 
a imp with one wing is trying to pick up a book he falls book falls ontop remi helps him up 
markop asks why was he bleeding Vostolas says i dont have anything to do with that 
they head into another room Vostolas provides a key he opens it Pilo T is there vampire aviation expert 
he knows were green T is in the bathrooms 
the toads dont belive him 
says he is waiting for storys to end toadburt books seems to be on its final act 
they follow pilo T he promissses remi a ride in a bat shaped helicopter  
the oriacle sits alone at the table main dinner table 
tells remi in private to give this pill to makrop sneak it to him and i wont 
he offers same pill to remi markop bangs on door DONT TAKE THE PILL 
offers her a apple injects something in it offers it to remi she denies 
markop bursts down the door 
DONT EAT IT 
he sees remi sipping grape juice and the oriacle its too late....
toads find green T says he is there to finish the job to kill last oriacle and get out 
he found a portal remains second floor we can finish it you have to do dirty work 
dont drink anything oriacle offers you or eat it will make you inpervus 
meanwhile markop says lets go remi 
oriacle laughs come on little girl try to attack me 
she says how bout you dont attack me because im friendly 
he stares at you 
they leave pilo t is seen walking around the conor he says to remi he lied about the bat copter remi follows him dragging on his shirt asking him were it is he leads her to the kitchen and pushes her into a over markop stops him she is saved 
green T explains archie went off with the enemy facitons he says archie might still be here figures he abandoned them 
Vostolas is seen writing it down from the distance green T explains hes still upset archie abandoned his faction im sure nothing in the future will happen says can offer tea service diplomacy
he hands them feilds note book a name  thornbury printed on it  still incomplete how did it get here the toad wonders
dont worry about the arcane locks i disabled them they dont work well in shadeward anyway 
I arrived at Raventree Manor in the pre-dawn grey with Captain Byscilla Danos and a four-person Guild survey team. The approach road is flanked by dead elms — they've been dead for some time, not recently. Whatever happened here began well before any current crisis. The gates are iron, ornate, badly rusted at the hinges. They were not locked. That is the first thing I noted.

Captain Danos assessed the exterior in under ten minutes — she moves through an environment the way a surgeon moves through an incision. Precise, deliberate, already composing the report before she's finished looking. She told me to set up inside, told Apprentice Fennick to catalogue the grounds, told Surveyor Mott to take spectral readings from the courtyard, and told Apprentice Yael to stop touching things. This took her approximately thirty seconds.

Guild records indicate the manor belonged to the Cornelius line for at least four generations — the last confirmed occupant being one Orantha Cornelius, referred to in older documents as "the Oracle of Raventree." What the Oracle did here, exactly, is not recorded in public Guild files. The private files I was given access to describe her work as "planar cartography" — mapping dimensional boundaries from a fixed location. The initials OC appear throughout the house. The initials AC have also appeared in unexpected places. I don't have a name for AC yet.

Danos family — old money, Guild-connected for generations. Byscilla is the working kind, not the inherited kind. She earned her captaincy through field operations, not patronage, which makes her unusual among Guild leadership and makes her squad trust her in a way most Guild squads don't trust their captains. She is efficient, direct, and will drag a grown man out of a room by his helmet if she decides he's wasting her time. I have already seen her do this to Fennick. I suspect it will not be the last time.

I have set up a base of operations in a relatively intact room on the ground floor — the one with the bathtub, as it happens, which was the only room with a functioning door latch. I reset the arcane lock on my journal. DC 15 to breach. I reset it every night. Field protocol.

The building smells of damp stone, old cloth, and something I cannot immediately identify — faintly sweet, like incense that burned out decades ago. It is coming from upstairs. I did not go upstairs on the first night. I am methodical, not brave.


were did you get this book 
i stole it 
so you dindt right it 
well i dont write everything this book is actually an in progress book it hasnt been written yet 
no no thornbury is only on page 4 while this book is the full picture hell write the other pages sooner or later he is already destant too 
i can control WHEN he writes but not WHAT he writes 
remi runs into the medusa person she leads him into another trap wario and a beastmaster are trading beastmaster attacks remi she is at a dead end 
the battle ends abrubtly dont want to damage his trophy room 
lead them back to party markop green T and remi escape 
medusa person (Lyranth the Sculptor) catches toads inteorgates the toads ask who killed vivinessa 
toads dont know 
she says ashes traced back to his blood 
toads say sorry for not knowing 
she says sorry for turning her friends into stone a perfect model a yellow suited mustache fellow was talking to would turn to stone next 
remi sneaks upstairs into room shows green T circle she remembers it well green T says he will need to find ingredients to activate the portal but how will we be able to use the portal without anyone noticing 
knocking happens they sneak out balconony door see marcus ashford through window 
cut back to Lyranth says she will prepare something special for tonights actuation 
she leaves as she left kyrn appears from shadows begs toads for help theyll turn his friend into stone 
toads say were weak dirt poor and feels like our options are limited if it fails well be stone too 
can you help after she tursn to stone 
toads think for a long time 
finally agree but they will come up with a plan 
how much will yuo pay us 
pay oh right well 300 Onyx Blood Vial
ehh alright well take that we can convert it to otehr currency later on 
they head upstairs 
8 havestdie 1040 bf
bowser smashes open the a door the door to the lords chambers he hears knocking noone answers 
remi heads to a locked door a voice calls out to her let me you 
the door is unlocked remi stands there excitied 
ah its you a oynx knight gaurd says i got a friendship contract for you please sig-
markop closes door in his face they are left on the balcony 
bowser is about to open another door toads appear behind him singing eager,dan,salam we are the toads who broke our chains 
he dissmisses the toads walks in as they try to talk to him im the leader here 
markop and co run past the gaurd spotting bowser and head to him markop grabs remi and puts her on the back bowser calls it dsiresepcful 
toads examine contact it will entrhall remi but also make her a friend 
gaurd says remi is famous for always being tricked asks for her autograph 
eager dan and salam say shes not intrested 
they offer bowser the oynx hands kigndom for the green one and the girl you can be a king 
this horse guy dosent want you to happen markop points to bowser 
he is a bit logical at time 
toads call bowser a king on the run he glares at them marcus ashford walks up introduces himself dissimess the gaurd 
wait hold on are you the one who tri- bowsre says as the toads say tricked remi 
my appologizes ill offer you a room in consideration for the incident 
bowser says okay i need gold a apology my darn can i talk to this guy 
green t sneaks away  
markop dosent want to stay here 
bowser wants to hear it from the lord himself disimess him salam offers to trade with him 1 arrow 2 gold 
he offers him a black crystal instead 
denies he accpets the trade 15 gold for three arrows a total ripoff 
a gaurd comes gives them an arrow says anylize the toads DNA for heir matches they need to groom the perfect heir they leave 
9 harveside 
dosent the manorlord have there own heirs like sons 
huh research 
he passes remi says get off that horse over there ill give you a real pony ride taods stonewall him 
we cant have you wisk away remi again 
well of course shes the weakest link 
he talks archie miser is too chaotic hes not your friend i can offer you and your friends much more he offers bowser a new crown i can get you a new crown a new kingdom to rule he says once you put on the crown you wont want to take it off  
the crown is black and has a crown on the center bowser examines it the crown is prickly he can use it as a weapon 
he says my crown is more magiestic hands it back 
he says fine ill be in  archies room if you need me he leaves 
The furnishings within this room are of a notable quality, its spacious interior decorated in a fine royal purple. While it is relatively clean, a thin layer of dust suggests it hasn't recently had a tenant.

This room contains no notable value, and investigating it turns up little other than the fact it is another guest room.
the toads explore on there own 
why do you want to let us stay here so bad markop saks 
because were lonly dont have enough guests 
arent you on lockdown 

yes and our leader is healing and will be better than ever 
the toads enter the balcony 

A great gray circle of intricately interlocked tiles sits here on a slightly raised platform. Bathed in faint red light, the seams of the tiles glint like conduits of crimson energy.

Around the ring are six receptacles that could hold something but are all empty. The circle inside of the stone foundation still in one piece, and been carefully maintained. The design is odd first glance, but requires greater investigation to truly parse.

Overall this circle looks ready to use, it's just a question of how to do so.

it looks in better shape than green ts portal 
marcus quickly closes
they long rest in archies room 
FNG Remi's Rest
The shafts split. Nothing usable tonight.

 +35 HP, +3 HD restored

Markop Judi's Rest
You keep a vigilant watch. The camp is protected.

 +62 HP, +4 HD restored

 Bedroll: +1 HD

Archie Miser's Rest
You push through the motions but can't find the edge. Still, the effort counts for something.

 +30 HP, +2 HD restored

Bowser's Rest
A deep, uninterrupted rest. You feel restored.

 +58 HP, +3 HD restored
they wake up 
they decide to go as a single unit and check out the portal were is green t
the toads say we will follow you from fungus fields to shattered planes 

they reach the portal is open green T stands there with kyrn 
your betraying us 
no im going to find archie 
i left you instructions on how to get out 
kyrn walks trhough the portal as they talk 
w-WHAT 
the portal emplodes inward and disapears the goods were xestroyed 
Salem: Do you want buy some arrows? They cost 3g per arrow.
remi says i know what to do i remember seeing a portal in the room we went out to 
SCAMMED! SWINDLED! HOODWINKED green t says 
green t its seeming more and more like you werent going to be allies with us 
i didn't even know were it lead too he said looks good enough kyrn he was nice 
what if it bought you to hell or the underdark
but if it would why did he jump in if he wasnt sure of it 
we just need some more items 
black crtsal 
mirror of true refelction 
orb of shadow domonition and a umbral signet 
were can we get them from 
kyrn , lyrath the Sculptor , tymas , vaxillus , vivensa , volstos 
migth have one 
green t goes up to remi skin shreads as he pulls something invivsilb eoff of her he holds nothing in his hand invisble he steps on the invisble ring it crakcs 
now heres the REAL plan 
were going to kill the cronvirus bloodline we will get spat up probably at the planar sanctum 
eager says that sounds like what archie would do 
well we COULD leave them alive and solve there problems if you wish 
what problems 
everyone has problems if there solved the people might be more cooperative 
your first instict was to kill everyone 
force of habbit 
your first form of instict is to kill everyone 
sorry tea leaf diplomacy is over 
they double crossed me i trust them they betrayed me im fully with you now 
why do you want to settle a score with archie 
bowsers says uhh well i like to smack heads personally what do you guys think i can be k-k-ind hearted sometimes.....i could not attack...
markop says rather not attack 
the toads vote for diplomacy 
remi says people might get hurt BUT we can do it quicker so im not so sure so ill go with majorty vote  
green T votes for violence 
welp the score is settled go find out what that archivsist deal is and solve his problems see if he has any of the scared artifacts in his little collection 
you dont know if he has it 
nope i just assumed he did 
we could have killed them for nothing 
still we need a lead and that rachivsit fellow rights a lot of stuff down i heard a rumor he wrote someone out of existince maybe start there 
markop says thats the guy i know that guy 
or we can go with the beastmaster 
or we can go back to the the sculper  
and finally the gardner you can speak to the one that you got the trovel from 
votes are in  
beastmaster -2 markop  bowser 
garnder = 4 remi the 3 toads 
the gardner won
6 havestdie 
they decide to head to the purple room green t suggets it they hear wispering about a party getting started if all the cages are ready 
mstkop recoginzes the archivists voicde 
remi hears them say her name i hope she likes it 
 creeks open the door they see a birthday banner reads cages toads a banner that says happy birthday remi 
they stand there in shock 
bowser wants to smash heads 
green t says didnt we not want to not kill them 
markop dosent think he can take all these people on like 4 evil toads 5 vampires 2 gaurdsw the count varries by account 
there outnumbered out gunned and out smarted should they really barge in?
toad lee gedts out his holy symbol of ravenkind its meant to be used against vampires releasing sunlight and stunning them he preapres it 
remi says maybe we shouldnt ruin the suprise birthday party 
remi said its coming up but not yet 
they strategy they will parallize them if it goes wrong they will go prone than when there on the floor they will attack 
markop enters the party starts 
they offer him a card to sign 
were preparing for a belated birthday 
your late?
no no early birthday vampire town 
why is toadburt here didn't you delete him 
no no i rerewrote the records he is back remi asksed for him so much i wanted her to have a great birthday 
we will free all toads after me make them disapear 
the party will go like this she enters we sing have a party,eat dinner have the cake she opens  the presents , and than desert  
your going to wait for her what if she dosent come whats your plan 
great idea ill send a gaurd 
a gaurd heads to bowser 
i dont think remi you should follow these guys bowser says i love how your rambunucusion i dont need any more issues 
this guy is friendly though and it seems intresting 
markop notices volstos has a red button in his hand there is latches on the cage but he also sees a trapdoor in the floor 
a gaurd offers flowers to remi bowser steps in between flowers for me 
markop exist explain the switch is for the trapdoor either for the cages or the floor he is not sure 
remi says how often do you see a bad guy with flowers 
markop wants to leave 
green T suggests flooding the bathroom he turns on the tap they will leave 
bowser sees thr group leaving you know what these guys are pissing me off but ill follow the team for once 
they do a vote? raise hand 
remi says people will get hurt ,  bowser stays silent , green T ignores it while the toads strategize 
bowser flexs im pretty strong ive delt with smart types before they make you think BUT i know there tricks i have underlings that make my traps they expect you to run in there i dont think you should do that probably just find another room 
📅 A New Day Dawns
7 Harvestide, 1040
Saturias — ☀️ Golden Summer
☀️ Clear and Sunny, 27°C
toad helds to gaurd 
toad offers gaurd gold 
salam walks up to a gaurd Hey guard guy. Wanna buy some arrows? One cost 5gold.
he says sure let me get it walks into the party room gaurds and volstos come out 
ah hello you have arrived 
salam tries to explain himself as the whole room exits we just want the gold from the gaurd 
i take it he dosent have gold 
well it is in one of remis gifts all she has to do is unwrap this gift he pulls out a gift with a red bow on it 
why you salam says before ctaching himself 
bowser balls his hands into a fist ah a audience for a king 
why of course what do you need 
well i want a bigger hammer, more gold , uhh he keeps talking on 
they start leaving volstos offers the toad friend back free of charge no strings attached 
he brings out the toad from the room he runs up to bowser tugs on his arm eager grabs toadburts arm 
he is suprisingly light 
volsotos claps you ruined the party enjoy toadburt back he laughs to himself as he leaves the same toadburt as ever 
bowser dosent trust it 
dam detects something fey like in the shadeward its toadburt 
toadburt adjusts there glasses 
he uses a magical charm to detect fey notices toadburt starts glowing he is a fey markop quickly uses detect magic no magic except for a book on toadburt of congering magic 
if you are they real markop what did we discuss at diner 
the dampning ring he says 
they are all unweary how did he get it right 
bowser chuckles i delt with imposters before i can get a quick way to get rid of him 
toadburt adjusts again 
whats wrong with your glasses 
bowser snatches them sees brown birth marks over eyes 
u-uh must be the vampire 
markop says we know your not your friend 
he says gotta go slams him into the wall bowser does 
he goes flying smashes into the wall toadburt slumps down a leaf falls he turns into a true form a tanuki 
they wrap him up in a rug he wakes up 
we finally got you markop said 
what did you do you thieif 
you would come in the room they would release me remi would eat her cake and the party would end that was the plan 
what was in the cake 
hmm you know cake stuff 
what happened to the real toadburt 
he is still eaased 
hmm
so umm 
why were you inprisoned anyway 
to attack as a diverszion ya dummy remi would "free" me and than i would offer her a cake she would eat it and the party would end 
bowser asks what do you mean 
well once the cake would be eaten remi would be fully under our grasp 
yours too 
no not mine 
we compromised id be a spy for them you ruined my plan 
markop said i knew it were is the real toadburt 
he is safe in the past now 
if your friend is erased how did you copy him 
toadburt tanuki burt if you will screams HELP HELP HELP ME 
bowser covers his mouth he bites his tanuki teeth peiercing into bowesrs palm they feel like pinches bites bowser takes it like a champ 
toads want toadburt tanuki to be a party memeber 
markop says your insane he was a spy 
green t puts a silecner on his revolver a magical scilencer he says all lose ends have to go if he turns into one of us 
he hands remi a revolver she has to be stronger he says 
bowser says you are really making that little girl shoot someone 
remi aims the gun at the head markop says cant we just stop them and let them go 
remi presses against the head presses down 
markop pulls the rveolver up eager bumps into him the firearm fires bowser punches eager he is shot grazed as he goes flying into dans arm he is bleeding and alseep 
bowser said thats brutal for me why dont we make him a slave or something 
eager says thats a good idea 
markop says your insane 
green t takes the rifle back you need better trigger dicipline 
remi you got to practice i thought you went to school for these guns 
markop heals eager the bullet on the floor 
green T says remi needs to practice her trigger dicipline 
she says i was but someone got in the way 
you need to learn to punch people 
markop says were going to the gardener still? 
yes i think so the toads says 
remi shrugs 
toads want to keep slave toadburt 
narkop wants to free him 
bowser looks confused i didnt know you guys were into that he cirres a single  your clsoesr to m e than i thought the goombas really are my friends i dont like liars though i think he wants to say something he is still pecking at my hand my minons are not liars this guy is missunderstood id rather kill him 
remi immeditnly votes for kill 
bowser has one question for markop what would hjumpik say i dont know if he would be happy 
personally hjumpik wouldnt want to just kill a unarmed man 
bowser sighs thinks about him on occasion you know what as much as i love killing ill allow it this one time he tosses the tanuki to markop you deal with him 
7 harveside 1040 
makrop tosses him in the bathroom tied up he is freed
remi sighs angerly i was meant to be the deciding vote and i wasnt this was bs 
markop shuts the door fully and locks it from his side 
green t heads to remi says you need to foucs better even if someone pulls you away you cant miss your shots 
what if that was a bad guy 
he hands remi a sheet of paper 
its a bros attack 
he steadys remi and helps her shoot for more damage its a simple childish drwaring even remi could understand 
i think we should test it on this guy she says 
test what markop says 
i got this paper on how to shoot better 
can i see it 
he hands markop the paper 
the toads huddle around as they stare at it 
toads gaurd door with tanuki green t says exucuse me 
toads say not on our watch 
remi aims at the door 
markop says we should not be attacking were a tied up person is 
salam baracdes door entrance while they talk 
remi aims green t nudges the aim down a bit 
a shot is fired the door breaks 
a scream is heard 
markop rushes to scene heals him unties him up and orders them to leave 
hours pass 
markop grabs the ugn FNG struggles they fail to grab it 
Dan: Dang…that was pretty brutal
remi you cant use that gun anymore htis is your second time 
he preneted to be our friends 
remi three people have betrayed you you didnt shoot them 
there not betraying me there just having a rough time 
those people made this guy pretend to be our friends 
this is impossible 
salam hears walking towards doors 
we have arrows 
salam we have arrows~~~
me and my friend 
salam senses there undead 
green t shows remi how to properly hold gun 
he shows her to aim 
he puts it away 
remi thinks about shooting the people at the door she dosen't 
money bags jiungle salam is ocnflicted 
they head dowstairs a rushed gaurd runs in ohh remi your just in time for the wedding they hand her a paper 

BY DECREE OF THE HOUSE OF VOSS
✦   SUNLESS KEEP, RAVENTREE VALE   ✦
V
With profound joy, the House of Voss announces

A Sacred and Eternal Union
❧
between

Remi
Ward of the Shadowmere Compact
&
Lord Malachar Voss
Third Inheritor of the Onyx Throne  ✦  Warden of the Sunless Keep
✦ ✧ ✦ ✧ ✦
✿✿✿✿
THE CEREMONY SHALL BE HELD

The Grand Atrium of Raventree Manor

— presently restored, resplendent, and prepared —

☽
The Eve of the Last Sun

when the veil between realms grows thin and welcoming

✦
Doors open at the striking of the Thirteenth Bell

Let it be known across mortal and immortal dominions that this union was long foreseen by those with the wisdom to see clearly — the stars of shadow, the portents of bone, and the careful ledgers of the Shadowmere Compact have spoken with a single voice: this match is inevitable.

Lord Voss, whose patience is renowned across seven sunless principalities, has waited the appropriate span of mortal decades for the ward to reach her appointed ascendance. His devotion is complete. His appetite for this occasion knows no restraint.

The bride, in accordance with the Compact's terms regarding wards in transit, has been lovingly spared the burdens of preparation and shall arrive as escort permits.

✦   THIS UNION ORDAINED BY   ✦
IN MEMORY OF

Orangus Cornelius Voss

beloved patriarch, carried forward

WITNESSED BY

The Amethyst Accord

bound by compact, sealed in crystal

✦   THE FOLLOWING ARE CORDIALLY SUMMONED   ✦
Archie Miser
Guest of Honor
Lord Bowser
Recognized Dignitary of the Shell Throne
Green T
Whom We Are Most Delighted to Welcome Back
Waluigi
Chronicler of the Recent Unpleasantness
A NOTE OF PARTICULAR WARMTH

"We wish only to make amends for the regrettable incidents at the greenhouse and the defenestration of our former host. A wedding is, after all, a new beginning for all parties."

— M. Voss, Warden of the Sunless Keep

DRESS

Funerary Formal  ·  No red  ·  No fire

A VERSE FOR THE OCCASION
I
n the shadow of the veil, where no dawn dares to creep,
T
wilight crowns the worthy bride and grants her endless sleep.
I
ron rings, not flowers, bind the promised and the sworn,
S
ilence greets the morning bell that follows before the morn.
A
shes make fine wedding gifts for those who played with flame —
T
ake your seat, dear candle-man, and know we know your name.
R
evel, feast, be merry — lords of shadow bid you dine,
A
nd never leave the table once you've tasted of our wine.
P
repare yourself, dear chronicler — your ink will not suffice.
CONFIRM YOUR ATTENDANCE
inspect seals of authenticity
By accepting this invitation the bearer acknowledges the full terms of the Shadowmere Compact (Vol. III, Articles 7–19), waives all rights to magical egress during the ceremony, consents to the temporary suppression of pyromantic faculties within the manor grounds, and agrees that all documentation produced thereafter belongs to the House of Voss in perpetuity. The House of Voss accepts no responsibility for conversions, bindings, or temporal displacements that occur as a natural consequence of attendance. Survival is a courtesy, not a guarantee.

✦
DELIVERED BY SHADOW POST  ✦  RETURN ADDRESS: THE SUNLESS KEEP

This invitation will disintegrate at sunrise.
If you are reading this after sunrise, the invitation did not reach you. You were already there.

Printed on behalf of Lord Malachar Voss  ·  House of Voss  ·  Year of the Blind Moon
this is so sudden remi says 
remi lets go markop says we need to go to the garden 
quickly remi well give you a flower 
well be right there 
he offers salam money to buy arrows 
i dont know if i can trust you salam said how do i know its not a trick eager says yeah 
markop picks up remi 
markop firefighter carries remi 
says were going and they leave
they walk outside not waiting for them 
they hear people talking 
we should be stealthy 
green t asks toads if we can start signing dan agrees they sing 
durmbs everything loud noises 
remi sings along mumbles 
markop yells to stop 
one stops after the other 
dan 
green t 
remi keeps kinging still in markops hands 
markop puts his hand over her mouth she eventally stops 
voices in distrance stop 
they see them rolling out a red carpt with remis face on this 
markop says we got to get remi out of here 
bowser starts heading towards carpet toad shold him back 
they head to tymas got there 
how have you been 
he hands them seeds
Salem keeps watch and goes on guard.
you wanted some of these siglets rights 
i dont know green t is that what we need 
id have to see it first 
pplease come in allow my hospitality first 
we need to see the sgtilet first 
the shows his ring finger 
it was on him the whole time 
what do you need us to do 
I was out tending the grove and the tree when the shadowy bastard come out of nowhere, sent me sprawling, and claimed my staff.

A tinge of subdued anger leaks through in his tone. Tymnas sighs, clearly recollecting his last encounter.

In case it's helpful— no amount of shouting at him will get him to give the scythe back, I've tried.

i use that to kill weeds and thorns this grove has a lot of them 
he offers them diner and bedroom 
the door is blocked let me get a key 
dan grabs the door knob 
he hears bowser wisper blocking the door it was him i made a mess give me a bit 
a king knows how to clean his castle give me a bit 
salam checks outside the window 
senses someone might come 
dan moves out of the way gives him back doornob 
dan and tymas head into the bath its a small wooden bucket eager gaurds the door dan and tymas rub each others back 
eager talks to tymas was there anything 
There's a grove here which is reflected in shadow- I was never one for the magic of it all, but it stands the same for the fey and probably the realm you come from as well. Don't know if it's got a name where you're from, but for the fey it's the tree of dreams, and for this lot it's the Tree of Woe.

Tymnas looks contemplative for a few moments before continuing.

Time was, I used to keep it dormant, sleeping, and that helped keep it in line. Now? No scythe, no tending the tree. Last I saw its branches were thick with hanging corpses and the blackest crows you ever saw. Worry about the Scorncrow, sure, but worry about the tree more.

He— it? Y'know what? I'm not sure…

He pauses for a moment, perhaps pondering that existential question, only to wave it away with a weathered hand.

Whatever— the Scorncrow's exceptionally dangerous. He uses the scythe's power to enhance its own abilities, rather than tending my damn hedges.

A tinge of subdued anger leaks through in his tone. Tymnas sighs, clearly recollecting his last encounter.

He's fast, resilient, shrugs off normal weapons, and swings my scythe just as well as I can. He also has this giant murder of spectral crows that never shut up, and obey his commands. Watch out for those.
some time passes 
markop retreaves eager in the shower washing tymass body both of them sit in a small wooden tub 
remi  thinks she should do some inspecting lookes around kitchen 
Upon initial entry to the manor you see an uncharacteristic warmth and coziness not found anywhere else in the manor so far. The space is dominated by rich yellows and greens which practically strain against whatever force sucks the color from this plane, leaving them to glimmer richly at times, while at other times seeming almost gray.

The main room's walls holds various shelves of knick-knacks and dishes, keepsakes, foodstuffs, and the like. At the center is a large circular table with space enough for four to sit, and a rather full kitchen sits against the north wall, with food that looks almost normal.

they sneak off hearing people talking 

the toads dont hear there in the bath tub 
tymass here a doorbell answers it 
they head out a window as volstos and co enter unseen by them 
markop starts leading the way 
toads pick up a vial of black ash 
markop continues upwards towards the center of the grove the place were the syth is 
markop0 sees someone in the bushes ask what are oyu doing 
she grabs his axe says welcome to the grove welcome to the gray and grabs his axe 
youll never find the tree so you might as well stay and grabs markop back into the grove kidnapping him 
bowser says are we going to save that guy or 
uhh dont get us wrong we could but some of us are fragile the toads say 
remi you remind me of peach if she uhh didnt have any gaurds and was a big baby at least she would put up a fight 
wow i cant wait to meet her one day 
bowser looks down sad right.....
i guess wer enot planning on helping this guy 
remi says he is pretty strong so he dosent need help at all 
bowser says oh... okay? looks at the toads im not going to ask this lady uhhh toad he points at salam 
YOU YOUR GOING TO HELP ME WERE GOING TO LOOK FOR HIM HE GAVE ME A SOLID YOUR COMING WITH ME 
eager says woah waoh woah hes our healer hes coming with us 
bowser grabs salam dont worry i wont let him get hurt he is coming with me he is a accoplice 
bowser holds salam up like a surfboard and walks away 
remi is alone with eager and rodger 
the quest is important and we didnt come this way for nothing so lets do the quest 
salam and eeager follow her the party is split
remi runs up they enter the center grove they see the giant tree 
cut to bowser and dan 
12 hvst 
remis birthday 
what do you think toad were could he be 
i say we keep searching around 
bowser puts the toad on the ground YOU LOOK 
the toad finds footsteps going into the right of the grove they head right 
why didnt you want to come wasnt he a good help 
bowser says HEY YOU STOP !
spots something 
they continue walking something grabs dan he gets pulleed  very fast into the bushes bowser only has one shot at this 
15:01 12 hrv
bowser ROARS uses his giants might im going to take this guy down he grabs dan its no use mazebound grip on dan is too strong 
bowser ROARS even lowder and pulls with all his might he pulls on dan the mazebound pulls back 
its a tug of war with dan in the middle his one and only arm is in pain 
bowser punches with one fist dan tries to doge one hits him another hits the mazehound 
mazehound tries to grab bowsers fists mazehound screams 
dan slashes mazehound it scraems bowser tugs more
bowser keeps punching 
a fury of punches he used to smash bolduers before she gets pushed back the mazebound bowser grabs him ill take this and go he runs away not fights 
bowser continues onto seeing bryan the toad and the orignal dan bowser says YOU STOP as he beheads a mazehound 
were is the horse thingy you know were he is 
he says wait.... and his eyes glow he says hand over that dan now 
there can only be one  the orgianl dan stands there with bryan 
i dont care about your rivalary or whatever i just want to know were he is if you want dan ask the other toads nicely 
dan says i dont know he didnt even remember the og dans name 
they use fire its non magical a lighter to burn flames 
they burn through some crops lead him to the midnight portal 
its kinda dark bowser saysa 
the portal ligths up 
markop went down here 
how did you save him 
that mazebound bought him he started fighitng we told him to run he ran to the portal jumped in when you came to us we were fininshing him off 
hmmm 
14 hvst 
bowser says i dont know i dont even see any footmarks  how do i know your not lying 
hmm well would we lie to a king 
THE KING of the koopas 
you really wanted me to leave at first 
yeah we were trying to protect you we didnt know if any other mazenbounds were around 
we even got the ingreednts here to setup a portal 
how much did you have to get 
4 maybe 5 i forget at this point 
maybe theres another princess there or did you give up on that since she died 
dont disrecet the princess 
i kidnapped her many times 
will you ever move on 
this a therapy session back off 
were is markop 
go in there prove to me its safe 
they look at each other and nod 
bowser knows there going to do something they start heading towards the portal 
Hidden away in the easternmost corner of the maze is a small shrine that radiates with an ancient power that feels far older than the estate, older than magic itself, if such a thing were possible.

A humanoid stands upon a gray stone plinth, his legs and head that of a deer, while the rest of him that of a man. In his hands he grasps a barbed spear and his gemmed eyes glow with an orange light.

At the base of this statue is a swirling pool of water that reflects a chaotic sky of clouds and stars. In the space around this ancient altar the plants grow green, colors return to flesh and cloth, and a sensation of wellness hangs in the air here.

bowser picks up dan sees them walking and bumps into them the portal activates he trips falls in with dan 
they are here the fracture atrium 
hey you dan wake up 
the orgianl dan snickers great the orgainl dan is asleep all your friends are gone 
were are we bowser buts in 
You gaze around the circular atrium and are greeted by the solemn marble faces of Corvinarus ancestors who lean inwards looming over the intricate teleportation circle featuring rings and glyphs of burnished gold inset within black marble.

This atrium was a grand receiving area where privileged visitors to Darius' extraplanar Sanctum would enter through his portal.

You suddenly notice - while you have been acclimating to this alien environment - the sigils which initially illuminated the floor upon your arrival have faded, turning to a dull and lifeless grey.

bowser puts his hand on sleeping dans sholder about that i need you to scram 
you in one army 
i am my own army 
fine than lets duel over dan 
alright didnt want to this 
this fight will be your last 
dan and bowser start fighitng chow time bowser says 
dan fires a scorching ray at bowser it backfires magical fire is unstable bursting back at him he shrugs off the flame 
hah if your the real down i feel sorry for the rest to have such a bad copy bowser says 
bowser cracks his knuckles you showed your fire how about is show mine he smiles \
he recgonizes his clothes those of a second class fire mage its over mages guild design proabbly in the aumnwood region or prehaps ironwood 
so your a mages guild huh decendly ranked bowser says 
he smiles you gonna breath some fire or somethin 
whant to talk about your history 
not particulalry 
alroighjt you were a king 
yes show me a show only a king could enjoiy hahahaa 
bowser says ill show you real fire as he cracks his knuckels 
When you hit a creature with an attack using a weapon, you can invoke the rune to summon fiery shackles: the target takes an extra 2d6 fire damage, and it must succeed on a Strength saving throw or be restrained for 1 minute. While restrained by the shackles, the target takes 2d6 fire damage at the start of each of its turns.

Bowser has integrated this ancient giant magic with his own natural Pyromancy. By carving a burning rune into his fist or warhammer, his strikes don't just bruise—they ignite. The kinetic force of the blow wraps the victim in searing, unyielding chains of pure magma, holding them completely immobile while the supernatural fire cooks them alive inside their own armor.


he swings his warhammer knocking him bnack a lot hitting dan twice and puts him in flame cuffs 
he is restrained by fire but it has no effect on him as he moves his hands with the cuffs of fire on him he continues to smirk 
seems like i have this littel toad in my grasp what was that about being better than me 
this is for lying to me bowser punches him giving him a black eeye 
another punch this is for acting like your better than me he punches him he moves his hand up the cuffs are borken 
a fire storm appears from above as bowser holds onto dan he smirks backs up as fire rages down on bowser hides in his shell 
says you got tricks too huh 
dan summons acid elementals they peierce through bowsers skin 
huh well you like your little magic huh 
you know whats better than magic he gets a portable bullet bill canon 
16 hvst 90 00
bowswer revungiates himself and places a bullet bill canon down 
it fires two bullets at him 
how do you like my friends he luaghs 
dan says than go back home 
i dont want to be here i just want to know were markop is you want to be cocky act like your better than me because your a magic user
bowser laughs 
your acting cocky playing dumb i dont like people who play dumb
punches dan he falls uncuquos as he slams into a wall  
bowser picks up the canon pats the bullet bill says good job 
look who falls down to the great king bowser 
he laughs at his unresponsive body 
what do you think sleeping dan should i let him fall 
he picks him up 
he has a black and bnlue eye burn marks he looks beat up bruised ribs 
he takes a photo from his body him with other toads on a airship with archie miser 
family runion how sweet 
what else you got 
he finds mages guild notebook with containment protocls on three eyed bandit 
this archie guy is highly wanted huh bowser thnks maybe if i fight archie i can make gold friendly fight 
bowser takes his wand 
bowser inspects the water pouch 
the water is shadeward water water from the hsadeward realm 
he takes a gold coin taped to the back of it maybe i can pay off warios debts 
bowser sees bowser badge a number written down 447 
he thinks about ripping it off skin comes off with it he says oh as dans body lights up in flames from the badge being removed 
he sighs 
i want information so i dont want him to die just yet 
bowser attempts to put it back on him it looks like a ripped piece of clothinig on the skin it dosent magically reattach or anyhting 
he tries to stablize him he cotorizes the wound tries to make it better but the whole body is pretty bad its stable for now but without proper care itll be deadly 
bowser sighs alright as he takes the spellbook 
bowser checks on the other  dan he is still sleeping peacfully 
he checks his pocked the other dan  he is sleeping checks his pockets nothing intresting bowser 
bowser looks over sees orange T treating bones 
WHO ARE YOU ORANGE THE MANOR GUY 
orange t is there staring 
he says yeah come over here he yells 
You step into a circular chamber adorned with elaborately carved wooden shelves which extend upwards like stacked bands. The encircling shelves are replete with leather-bound books of assorted colors and shapes. Each stacked tier appears slightly smaller in diameter than the last, as you gaze upwards your vision converges towards a tiny aperature directly overhead beyond which the mesmerizing starscape swirls through a distant pinhole.

In the center of the room, three concentric steps ascend to a circular platform where three grand lecterns stand proudly. Upon the lectern's tilted faces rest tomes with ornate scrollwork, metal locking mechanisms, and other extravagances which immediately mark these as texts which are neither mundane nor ordinary.

The studious tranquility of this chamber is disrupted by the gradual shattering of its floor, like a plate of fine china hurled to the floor slowly breaking into thousands of marble fragments. The stately thread of royal purple carpet rips and tears as it is pulled inexorably apart.

orange T is here 
you bowser points what are you doing here 
you put on quite a show 
shouldnt you be at the manor 
shouldnt YOU be here at the manor 
im here now and thats what matters 
id like to oh yes were are my fri-acoplsoues 
oh them there in there he points to sometihng 
were i dont see nothing 
he laugh 
shouldnt you get back to your mission kill the other oracles right 
huh what mission i came barreling through and now im trying to find my accoplices 
and i landed here i thought we would reach were they are 
well one is here from the future at least 
future what do you mean 
he points to bones 
huh whos that 
noone imporatnt...
anyway 
what do you need tough guy he walks up to bowser 
hah you will know the power of the koopa king soon 
were even am i 
a plaanar sanctum connects the feyward shadeward and ruined maner 
ha looks like a astroid put this place 
anyway you care what i do with these too 
not particuilarly 
a spell is cast both of them banish 
hey wait not that one your going to make a king mad he says as dan feyward is dispaearing 
oh oops i thought you said both were fine 
ah whatever 
i want to get ouuut--- 
he cuts himself off before he says that 
the cotinue 
You step into a mesmerizing clockwork of intricate machinery, a tangle of great bronzed wheels connected by interlocking gears and sprockets. Overhead a massive wheel turns slowly, its spokes parallel to the floor. It's circulation powers the rotation of numerous metal discs which glimmer in the undulating twilight and flash with each reflected burst of lighting.

At the diagonal corners of the room, wooden platforms extend beyond archway gaps in the stonework reaching out into the void of the starfield. Upon each platform is mounted a telescope with a variety of lenses.

The steady and unrelenting destruction which grips this chamber is hypnotizing. As gears are wrenched from their moorings they collide impossibly slowly. Each collision emits a cacophanous and sustained gong which rumbles within your core as an embodiment of dread.


he jumps over a gap bowser says i can throw you if you want i love throwing and bumping into toads there kingda dumb 
im not dumb the oriacle says 
yeah yeah mr magic man thinks hes not dumb 
bowser punches the ground see how pwoerful i am 
the oraicle is not impressed as the ground cracks below him he losses his balance 
the ground gives in he starts free falling 
he grabs onto a blue seat floating and ctaches his fall 
im not used to this place 
what happened 
oraicle gets out a tuning fork tries to move the chair with that it dosent move 
bowser is unsure if he is joking with you or actually using it 
your playing with me like all the smart people they play with my feeling i know i know fine 
bowser has his own plan he gets out a lightinng rod 
A sleek, highly conductive metallic rod stolen from the cloud of a hovering Lakitu. The tip of the rod crackles with latent, trapped atmospheric electricity. Bowser treats it as a magical javelin, hurling it across the battlefield with lethal precision.

As it flies through the air, the rod draws static electricity from the environment, striking the target with a flash of brilliant white light. The impact pierces armor and delivers a shocking jolt of lightning damage that leaves the victim's hair standing on end.


a thunder strikes the rod bowser puts it away 
bowser takes out a goomba shoe i have a trick up my sleeve he jumps inside of it 
Also known as Kuribo's Shoe, this is a massive, incredibly thick green boot powered by an internal wind-up mechanism. It is ridiculously oversized, allowing Bowser to literally hop inside it and bounce around the battlefield like a demented, heavily armored kangaroo.

The sole of the shoe is virtually indestructible. When worn, Bowser's stomp attacks deal extra bludgeoning damage, and he can completely ignore caltrops, spiked floors, Munchers, and other low-to-the-ground environmental hazards. It squeaks loudly with every single bounce.

bowser says be careful as he jumps in his shoe you like my shoe you should buy it 
you should put on shoes they walk into a telescope room 
he offers bowser a look 
he looks in 
sees his past self 
you cant pass shes dead two toads says
i know sehs alive shes not dead you want me to burn her 
thornpaw comes in says to bowser the mages guild have it handled bowser increasingly gets violent 
he backs off as luigi comes in gaurds run luigi vows to stop bowser 
bowser gets out a broken tenis racket says i remember you the tenis match waluigi was there too!
a battle ensues luigi vs bowser 
bowser first serves his racket luigi doges
they dont  waste any time luigi jumps on bowser 
you going to play this game luigi 
thats not over yet 
luigi claps says thuinder it comes from his fists nothing haPPENS 
bowser laughs 
it was a fake out 
bowser is shocked with great lighting it turns his body into a sekeleton and back when he is shocked 
i didnt your a 
grr iw as going easy on you this is how you treat me you want to play the jumpy game lets play bowser smiles coughing out blood 
bowser prepares a mega attack 
When you hit a creature with an attack using a weapon, you can invoke the rune to summon fiery shackles: the target takes an extra 2d6 fire damage, and it must succeed on a Strength saving throw or be restrained for 1 minute. While restrained by the shackles, the target takes 2d6 fire damage at the start of each of its turns.

Bowser has integrated this ancient giant magic with his own natural Pyromancy. By carving a burning rune into his fist or warhammer, his strikes don't just bruise—they ignite. The kinetic force of the blow wraps the victim in searing, unyielding chains of pure magma, holding them completely immobile while the supernatural fire cooks them alive inside their own armor.


DC 14 Strength Saving Throw

Damage
Special
Instantaneous
Self
Giant's Might
Giant's Might
Feature
As a bonus action, you magically gain the following benefits for 1 minute: If you are smaller than Large, you become Large, along with anything you are wearing. You have advantage on Strength checks and Strength saving throws. Once on each of your turns, one of your attacks with a weapon or an unarmed strike can deal an extra 1d6 damage to a target on a hit.

When Bowser taps into this primal giant magic, the earth literally trembles. His scales darken, his eyes ignite with infernal light, and his body rapidly expands into a towering, building-sized juggernaut. This is the fabled 'Giga' state. His roars shatter glass, and his footfalls leave deep craters. In this state, he can wrestle giant arachnids, tear down castle gates bare-handed, and deal catastrophic damage with every swing.

and punches him with the racket into a buckee of flowers he gets restrained in the flower bowser laughs you like them apples mr thunder 
and luigi is restrained 
how do you like them apples 
luigi struggles to get out 
bowser laughs hahaha beutrful 
bowser breaths fire on the plants unrestraining him 
punches towards him  breaks the vase by accident 
luigi laughs his poltergiest blinding bowser than a teaser and than a bright light bowser is heavly damaged bleeding huffing and puffing 
im not going out like this bowser puts a bullet bill canon behind him and it shoots 
two bullet bills rapidly fire damaging luigi attacks bowsers misses smirks luigi suprise attacks him deafeating bowser with his pultergiest  
luigi is victorius 
toad gaurds drag him away as thornpaw talks to two hooded mages the toads say your not authroized to know about this as bowsers body is dragged
18 hvst 1040
feyward dan 
shadowfell dan 
the fake dan 
or whatever you call him wakes up 
he wakes up remembers what happened 
bowser tried to save me he says 
he gets out of a yellow bed looks out the window looks like an island he think you are in a dormotory of sorts or boarding house there is studies laid about intsramnjents and books in the small bedroom 
dan notices people walkiong 
i told you to get this project done by noon 
dont worry we can ship it to the mushroom kingdom in time 
really we are meant to ship it by today 
there is millions of battles at rougeport we will just tell them we got stuck in one besieseds no toads here for miles noone will know 
toad lee heads back into the bedroom reads a journal silverquil its titled 
the journal details the Gnash-Town were they are on Estragon's Island
dan leaves opening random doors seeing people saying im sorry
dan opens the door seeing a lightning ogre says somewhat intemedating sorry didnt know it was occupied 
ne decides to talk to her the female lightining orc 
sorry looking aoround was cirous 
what are you ciroious of 
dont know 
....
...
your excuding alot of colorful aura off of your self 
i am a prolfessor of expression 
what emotion are you expressing 
hmm annoyance 
maybe a tinge of paietnce 
oh i see ill get going 
no no come in shut the door 
your not from here are you 
hmm i just met you but it depends how do i know i can trust you 
hmmm do you have anyone else to trust 
no....
perfect 
there has a surge it magical energy causing my expressions to be more expressive its quite annoying 
oh...
its not your fault its the raventree people at raventree manor there is a surge of magic 
whats going on there dan says liying 
well there was a vote held recntly by the glazed congress to find out WHAT is going on there 
huh i see i see 
were are we now 
points to a small island south of undead swamps 
i will admit i dont know my way around the island but ill try to figure it out 
what do we do here 
this is a school of magic we ship supplys to other countires the mushroom kingdom the regal empire and kivitos 
we help people ship and process goods to other countries using magic 
thats all they teach 
well we do teach destructive magic but that is for curriories and other carrears 
we have a boarding program 150 imperial crown 
i have 10 gold how much is it for imperial crown
dan sees an advnatge in the exchange rate You Pay

💰 Gold Pieces
100
Gold Pieces
⇄
You Receive

👑 Imperial Crown
97.1208
Imperial Crown
Rate: 1
Gold Pieces
=
0.9712
Imperial Crown
High

one problem 
he is broke 
he needs crowns to leave on a boat 
he needs it to stay at the dormatories 
what will he do 
dan than formerly introduces himself im dan from the feywild 
she stutters 
you really are a danger to everyone around you she mutters not sure if dan heard her  
either way im prismari 
she points to a glboe you realize how far you are from this place 
she gets a doughnut globe goes to mushroom kingdom your from here right 
no no im midlands 
you werent a part of that were you 
if i were you wouldnt kill me right 
oh no the gaurds might have htere way with you there 
he tries leaving the doors locked 
she says oh deear me ill get that she gets the keys 
a unlcok is heard from the outside 
oh i got the keys its open she smiles 
dan opens door is slashed in face he runs 
trips falls on his face 
goblins surrund me 
wait whats going on 
no toads allowed
who reported me 
oh wait 
...
...
why not just let one toad stay 
your already causing a distrubing by being here 
he snaps his fingers goons come behind him 
rattle him boys toad lee runs into a nearby room bumpging his head into a window than breaking it after the second time falling into a thornbush below 
gaurds surrund the places a teacher comes out big black bulky woman 
Professors of chaos wield magic inspired by the ebb and flow of chance. They study the course history has taken, looking for breaking points in the flow of events, and focus their magic into creating breaks that are to their advantage. Whether those breaks are in a series of events, in obstacles, or in enemies depends on the needs in the moment. They crush enemies' plans under the weight of time and lash out with magical energy that often takes the appearance of books, scrolls, and sheets of parchment.

Lorehold Scholars

The archaeomancers of Lorehold College draw their magical might from the flow of time and fate and the way those forces shape the course of history. Scholars of this broad mystical study divide between those who see history as an unpredictable jumble of chance and those who believe events form a perfect—and predictable—pattern.
dan sees lights fly magical light spotlights going around she says ohhh toad we wont kill you just please come out 
she chances after him =he climbs a tree 
come on little toad if you will the moment you run away the moment i got you 
dan tries to sneak up behind her a sniper hits next to him she turns around smiling 
any last words she says lights surrunding him and a sniper dot on his head 
dan ducks avoids light fails the spotlight follows him 
dan surrunders 
im sorry i surrnder do what you will were in the handcuffs 
oh we have the spotlight why were you at raventree manor 
im sorry he explains somewhat unrealibility it 
alright gobber come out a goblin comes out from the bushes 
good work the tracking divice really worked 
babhabhabhabhah
your wanted for magical crimes at raventree you come to me in particular your very brave 
what crimes be sepecific 
opening the planar fracture 
oh that thats not me that was someone else 
sorry whats the planar fracture exactally dan says  
the ritual?
dan even with the information says he didn't do it 
than who did 
i dont know i have a theroy on who it might be though 
tell me 
if i were to say it would have to be either god toad or the oraicle 
...
...
your about to meat the god toad 
neat dan says 
just close your eyes 
and he will come 
..
he blinks sees god toad for a split second 
someone comes from out of the bushes ruslisting 
its goblins holding the origanl dan 
choose one 
one stays one dies 
dan goes to the og dan asking if he can talk to him they allow him 
hello you may not know me but you may know of me but wake up 
wah what happened 
hello orginal dan were trapped and there going to kill one of us off and let the other live 
what 
ughh
damn that bowser 
the koopa soiled my power 
dan please they will kill us if we dont do anything 
fine 
a large fire energy forms at the OG dan chest and he excerts it killing everyone 
...
the smoke clears
the professor stands 
she smiles 
dan fey runs with a sword and swings 
dan fey is damaged everyone is damaged og dan is unharmed he smiles he could have protced og dan he didnt 
fey runs away
og dan walks away not looking back at the crater he caused  
professor teacher says fine they will get snared or trapped or caught this is in island after all 
9 hvst 1040
At the heart of this dreadful grove is a great, towering tree with vast branches reaching out to form a massive canopy from which dozens of corpses hang by the necks. Its boughs are covered in hundreds of shadow crows with crimson eyes that offer waves of grating mockery at your mere presence.

This tree looks long dead, though its trunk is twisted just so to create the visage of a great skull of roots and bark, with a pair of hateful glowing eyes that track your movement. Jutting from the earth all around it are ragged stone obelisks, or at least just their pyramidions, each marked with glowing lines and sigils which cause the stomach to churn if they are looked at for too long.


markop swings at the mazehound a direct  hit the hand plots off like cardoibaoard and you stop being dragged 
a man fires an arrow the mazehound falls down he walks up its sragent van coldbrook he introduces himself as he folds up the mazehound like cardboard was it fake?
he says he is observing entropy working with the legion \
markop dosent belive him 
he explains he is picking up the body so the scroncrow dosent pick it up put it on the tree of woe and absorb the souls of it 
as they talk salam enters hey guys we found markop hes up here 
they all head her 
markop notices bowser and dan are missing remi says in the bathroom 
eager dosent know maybe captured by the mazehound
green T is also gone 
i know this looks bad 
there somewhere man 
remi heads to the corpse see if she can reanimate it for who knows why
the skin feels dry magic is suprsied 
toads spot knights talking to a scorncrow 
scroncrow chases gaurds one gaurd sliced in half markop talks to scronscrow as it finishes chopping up one 
they wanted to use sacared grounds as a wedding ceraononmy location  
as he hangs the body on a branch like a noose 
he says you will all end up on the tree once its fully powered up 
a swing lowers down 
everyone prepares there waepons 
he offers remi a swing tells her to sit down 
the toads notice the swing has a spike at the very top and the other side there is a noose its a obiosu trap 
remi is intreged by the swing 
toads convince her not to 
he tells remi to stand still 
okay 
a syth comes swinging at her toad deflect it 
markop says hes a bad guy remi please he is a bad guy  
salam says ill burn the forest down 
scorncrow laughs come on boy you know the shadowfell supress fire magic 
markop asks if the tree is immune to fire salam lights the arrow with a torch fires it at the ground it lights up in flame hmm it did burn some maybe not immune 
eager fires an arrow scroncorw captures it creating a bow out of roots from the ground 
remi walks away from him as he tries another trick one of those pictures you look into except it was a noose 
remi puts the bow down discharges her firearm 
a scream is heard 
a copy of remi that is a toad and blue comes out from the bushes 
ow you hurt me i was meant to be in charge of the wedding but noone showed up to the dressing room and I was -
a thorn comes from undernearth them striking the fake toad remi from the bottom she collapses to the ground blood pooring from out of her mouth the joke is over the play is over 
the scroncrow is upset he missed the wrong remi markop calls down a beam from the moon
eager fires two bullets out 
both miss again 
remi does something she has never done before a brand new incanatiton a giant web magical web comes from her arms not like spiderman but diffrent it mechinical methological and better its made of fire 
corws sourrund him the scroncrow and he dispaers 
remi says i have a hidden firearm and i am very close to him 
a shot is fired point blank still misses she runs gets it by the syth her head is bleeding 
the web flickers it collapses it no longer exists 
she drinks a tea she had in her bag markop moves his light beam 
eager runs from hidding crows fly above the tree cawaing eager ignores the crows tries to shoot another miss 
the scroncrow laughs 
i was going easy on you guys 
you clearly are not prepared for my ultimatite attack 
i should not have gone easy on you but playing with food is fun sometimes 
even though im not the one feasting on you 
toads talk about running away remi agrees 
all there attacks are missing he is too strong 
markop says nothing focused on locking in battle with the scroncrow defelcting his every attack 
who chooses to stay 
salam 
decides to carve the tree 
he took a chunk of the tree out 
the tree screaches nooses come down people hanignig its like a pinayaata remi says 
did i do that salam says terrified 
eager retreats leaving the tree of woe 
salam and remi run 
markop finally agrees they need to retreat till they get the full party he was the only one damaging the scroncrow 
crows swarm in pecking at him he bleeds neibhs 
markop is able to hold firm he holds him off and runs 
they are all safe in the grove until the gaurd from earlier grabs remi at knife point you still have a wedding to get to.
they rtegroup 
remi discusses what she should upgrade 
she gets out here tablet and orders from warios shop 
she upgrades her bow creating a spell to make arrows after fired and impact reappear on her bow so she has infinite arrows
the team discuss strategy 
remi seems underequip 
the toads make her armour 
remi works on creating another dog her orgianl dog mossy renamed to steely by hjumpik will combust because of this she knows this but dosent know were her dog is she builds the other dog and delinks mossys dog 
remi learns new skill  branding her weapons with her weapon the toads also craft her a shield the repuluses attacks that come at her and she awakens new abilities creating a shield 
944 BF 
bowser is dragged aawy
chasoler toadsworth around mages guild says they are scrubbing peachs chambers trying to find evidence \
toadsworth says he wants a proper burial let me see it  who is dead 
the late princess peach 
w-waht he starts to tear up 
we cant were gathering evidecne forensic
the royal magestriate wishes for noone to enter 
who is this magestriate 
well its toadlee the elder 
yes he comes from a family of royal toads a minor one at that we managed to get his siigtnature ordering all residents be evaucated for the premisses of the royal capital mind you toad lee the elder if the fourth in a family of five he was the only one willing to talk the two sisters and one bro-
chansolers toadsworth interjects i outrank his positon and im close to the princess seeing the body falls to me 
thornpaw enters 
mages guild gaurd is flustred 
what seems to be the issue little toad 
this memeber probably a captian not a grunt is barring me off from seeing a imporatnt persons dead body 
he sees luigi asks hey you what are you doing here
im on gaurd cant leat anyone in or out 
who gave you those orders 
the princess 
they enter the bedroom 
its clean too clean scrubbed down recently 
no bodies 
hmm if there was a body here 
he sees footsetps leading to a fireplace he puts it out he looks upwards to see a figure climbing up the chiminey 
not able to catch up to him he recgonizes the figure its a red cape underneath tiny green legs and a bean person  was fawful really the killer  
counciler toadswroth writes down 
princess murderered 
saw body 
looked up chiminey saw suspect could be fawful.he goes to mass produce it but before he can 
mages guild person snaps there fingers asks toadsworth if there is a problem 
no problem 
toadsworth takes another piece of paper rewrites it and commenses his plan the fawthful narrative 
he runs bumps into fawthful on a hovercraft agent L engages 
the battle starts 
the princess may  dead so i figured  my time to strike 
toadsworth says you dont have to get crazy sorry for overstepping my bounds 
he chuckles 
hence lord fawful 
lord i like it 
i will surrender if you spare me 
luigi nods his heads no 
he kneels one hand in the air do i not please you enough lord fawthful i can also dance for you 
fawful chuckles a beam flies into toadsworth sending him flying destroying peachs throne `
luigi still damaged from bowsers fight prepares to battle 
Fawful remembers the "green mustache." Twenty-eight years have not diminished the grudge against Luigi that was born when the Mario Brothers defeated Cackletta in the Beanbean Kingdom. This grudge is not rational—or rather, it is rational within Fawful's internal logic, where his worth was defined by service to Cackletta and his failure to prevent her defeat invalidated that worth entirely. Luigi represents the moment Fawful became nothing. Everything since—the empire-building, the dragon alliances, the Dark Star fragment, the occupation of Peach's Castle—has been partly motivated by the need to prove that the nothing can become everything.

When Fawful encounters Luigi (or anyone associated with the Mario Brothers), he gains advantage on all attack rolls against that target for 1 round as fury-fueled focus sharpen his capabilities. However, he also has disadvantage on Wisdom saving throws for the same duration, as the emotional intensity that enhances his combat performance also makes him more vulnerable to effects that target his clearly compromised judgment regarding anything green-mustache-related.

This vulnerability is exploitable. Anyone who recognizes Fawful's grudge can provoke it deliberately, trading increased danger from his enhanced attacks for the tactical opportunity created by his weakened mental defenses. Making Fawful angry makes him dangerous. Making Fawful angry about Luigi makes him dangerous AND predictable, and predictability in combat is a weakness that skilled opponents know how to exploit.
the real battle luigi vs fawful begins 
luigi goes underneath the hoverpad from a blindspot and jumps up on him he falls off the hoverboard 
I dont have time for this he says he starts flying away thunder luigi shouts as he is shocked he continues to move says I HAVE FRIENDS as mimbus crashes into peachs castle 
mimbus charges in freezing luigi instainatly toadsworth runs 
bumps into mario he jumps out toadsworth falls back as a battle commenses 
mario grabs minbus by the tail spins him around tosses him into a wall he is unharmed than he attacks three time 
mimbus is angry Ice builds around him in layers—thicker, colder, MORE—until what stands there isn't a pig-beast anymore but a walking blizzard with fists and the intent to use them.
he charges at mario 
you will feel pain 
mario says lets a go 
thornpaw asks what do you want me to do master mario 
he speaks itilian 
he asks thornpaw to get those two to saftey 
thornpaw is confused 
he points at a frozen luigi 
he heads over 
toadsworth says lets get this guy to saftey 
they pick up the luigi block of ice and run 
they head to a print shop
thornpaw and luigi head to the local mushroom kingdom hospital 
toadsworth stops them forces them to go into a local print shop 
toadette sr (her mom visibly preganant with toadette) is in the shop she runs it 
i am looking for a printing press my name is chansolor toadsworth fee
peach is dead and fawful did it toadsworth said it there dont a hostile takeover i wrote down my findings of what happened and i ran out through the sliver of my life i wrote down everything that transpired with that being said i need to pmass produce these
toadworth demands a printing press 
she leads them to the mayor she is shaken by the news will her baby be okay to grow up in this world 
toadsworth follows toadeete into a back room through red curtins a small printing press room a single one slow and a vampire queen sitting there the mayor of the town toadette sr offers her services for free 
he quickly wirtes down another copy gives it to them and runs away he is in a rush to mass produce this 
they rush out passing by a cerian purple toad in the process 
they arrive at the hospital barging in a liver operation 
hello doctor sorry to intrupt you i am the chansolor this hero is forzen in a block of ice 
were going to use this bed to patch him right up 
the doctor with a scaple in his hand operating on a young mistveil is staring at them 
w-what im in a liver surgery operation
in the end only 575 papers were ever printed the mushroom kingdom would soon enter a terrible time....
cut back to mario 
minbus is deafeated 
mario is unharmed or barley damaged 164/200 
3 days have gone by the castle is under siege 
mario gains 200 gold coins he heads for fawthful for the final battle 
day 1 investigation 
day 2 bowser shows luigi win fight
day 3 mario shows luigi forzen 
mario charges into the room 
more itilian 
fawful what are you doing here 
I have done it 
he gets out a piece of peachs hair 
I have evidence 
this hair i will use to access the vaults and kingdom I will have 
mario still alive for a fight prepares for a fight to get the hair 
fawthful says I have escape as he crashes through a window mario clenches his fists and runs after him...
cut to bowser 
he wakes up on throne apple fall on his head 
who did this 
it was me the jester a goomba in a jester 
did we hire a jester 
koopas shrug 
the out of place goomba says it was me the jester apple dosent to far from the tree 
bowser takes a giant step 
im going to ask you one more time i did not hire a jester why are you here 
oh you hired me dont you remember 
oh i guess we hired you over last battle 
state your purposes 
you hit me with the apple right 
just because the princess is dead dosent mean you have to sulk on it and sleep all day 
what did you say about the princess you were hired to make jokes not insult me IM THE KING watch your words
too koopas try to sneak out he points to them slackers were you going 
outside to gaurd outside 
i pay you in living expeinses 
a party will start soon your hiness the jester says 
i dont remember any parties 
a knock at door he asks how is there 
bowser jr and mimbus is there 
its me your son bowser we have food for you there is a feast 
what food
ribs and meat 
bowser knew two things 
1. kid probably has access to his chambers 
2. why is he travling with a giant pig 
i dont expect my pig to knock bowser said 
since your probably a jester i want you to go down there and give me a steak 
he points at two paratroops to follow me 

wait you your too small you stay 
:( 
oaratroopa holds jester upside down 
door smashes open 

sorry for not the big opening 
mimbus smashes door open bowsers minions flee and run 
you broke my door i just installed 
i wanted to show my cool new pet a ice creature i found at glizzy glaze mountain 
mimbus says we met icy hills 
son why did you go that far 
i was testing how far the koopa copter cant fly 
hmm good excuse is he really a pet 
yes arent you partched bowser 
mimbus sees the chocalate chip that bowser throws at him saying that he better eat it 
mimbus stares at him 
there is a green bean guy wrecking havoc among the castle he has killed all the people in the castle 
hmm great timing you and mimbus go see them 
they both agree not contentising anyhting mimbus leaves orders bowser jr to go with him they both agree 
the jester tries making a distracation death to the king i renounce my right to be your minion 
your not funny get better jokes 
last time someone renounced their title...
maybe this is a joke i crush people hahaha
roud of a plause now 
all minons clap 
bowser hears an explosion in the other room 
what the whats the chaos hapopening without me 
he orders a koopa troop and a goomba to move 
they head into the other room 
they are immendaly punched by mimbus and vaprized by bowser JR? with a beam gun can this really be bowser jr 
alright man the fort he sighs 
i don't know why i hire you guys 
you magikoopa come with me 
you hammerkoopa 
yay alright he claps i wanna smash some stuff with hammers
i was going to tell you to wait but you were enthusastic 
you chainchomps gaurd these people 
oh we wont sit on your thrown like last time says the koopa  
you two were slackers keep on gaurd the chainchomps will gaurd if you guys slack i will kill you 
....
nah im just kidding ill throw you off the balconoy 
they walk out head to the explosion place 
bowser heads to the place sees the koopa and paratroopa  seemlingly alive with bowser jr 
there eating food 
bowser jr says there slackers when bowser acts what there doing 
hmm that dosent explain there eating the food why are you allowing them this is for the hwole group 
bowser orders them to watch the door and walks in 
bowser steps a floorboard falls 
he backs up what did you two know this 
fawthful chuckles revelaing his discuss the goomba too and mimbus
bowser roars scaring the goomba jester 
fawthful and mimbus laugh at him schrug it off 
mimbus charges bowser blocks with his fists he breaths ice freezing bowser face bowser is critically damaged from it 
bowser flees 
back to throneroom 
he sees the slacker koopa from before next to the button 
if your trying to be the jester your not funny 
Cackletta comes out laughing  from behind she
i shouldve known werent it being protected by goombas 
they begged i told them it was too powerufl 
jester says it was him 
you stole my castle 
you took me 
and now your sitting on my throne 
bowser doges something it bubbles on the ground disiolving 
I want a fair fight she says pointing at power a ray hits him he is fully healed infact may even be overcharged 
he feels his mussles tense and get stronger 
good she says now shall we
9 harvestside the battle begins 

#####
cut back to shadeward
rmei at knife point she struggles and is able to 
they show remi a ring with a koopa skull 
markop says remi dosent want this 
gaurd stares in disbelife what do you mean 
she is young thats gross 
...
okay birthday than 
how about we just take a rest and you do whatever you do 
but if we rest the tree will begin to rot 
the tree 
yeah 
if it is going to rot wont it be dead 
yeah but its more like undead and thats sad isnt it 
warning shot next one wont miss as he reaches for something with remi 
salam says yeah eager remains quiet 
remi escapes gets sword 
markop intervenes 
he reveals the ring was a component of the teleportation circle they wanted to teleport remi to a wedding dimnesion 
markop says i dont turst you 
toads are cirous what a wedding dimension looks like 
they want to control remis body while keeping her mind in the other dimension 
he tosses remi a ring markop swings at him enough of your nonsense 
markops axe stuck in ground he backs up 
remi gets hit in the back of the head not by the gaurd by a syth the scorncrow is there party retreats while gaurd fends for himself 
they arrive mossy runs back 
green t appears behind them 
got your dum mutt back 
also what my thing back 
the ring? 
no the gun 
...
well actually yeah the ring too she shot 3 times 
toad asks if anyone has pants (eager)
scorncrow appears at opening i might have some pants he says holding gaurd from eraliers pants 
they head back to the manor WITH conflict remi runs after seeing a mazehound with the toads 
volstos says will this story end on a cliffhanger as he reaches for his pen he is in the forest they run more 
markop and green t stand there waiting for the party 
they eventally all get out looking in tymass house they see a toad dressed as remi volsotos saying this will make for a perfect story 
they escape green T suggests sleeping in the greenhouse shed after remis idea of sleeping int he mnaor is shut down 
vampire preparing paper standee 
remi asks who it is 
vamp t comes out suprises remi its an ambush she runs vampire is there asks markop if rmei likes toads he says not sure 
asks toads if they like the toads they say yes but not speaker L 
they head to the green house after a short hickup with vampire surrunding remi 
Salem - Stay up to make something using the Woodcraver's Tools. 
Eager - Keeps watch still remaining in the shadows.
Markop Judi's Rest
Your steady hands ease the pain. Your companion rests easier tonight.

 +46 HP, +2 HD restored

 Hostile conditions prevent natural exhaustion recovery

 Mess Kit: advantage on exhaustion save
 Bedroll: +1 HD

FNG Remi's Rest
The material resists. Nothing usable comes from the effort.

 +35 HP, +2 HD restored

 Tended: comfort +1 tier

markop wakes up hears knocking 
state your name and purpose 
the boss 
whats the present 
vitiage vampire wine 
shes too young to drink 
the door smashes open 
i had to get through vampires there planning a amubsh 
anyway heres your present 
you still belive its her birthday 
it is i got her birth certificate right here 
markop is shcoked its real verified stamped 
is this legal for you to have 
i dont have it anymore 
he hands markop wine and the birth certificate 
markop says wait are you real 
he uses his senses wario does not glow the standee glows 
its revelaed to be imp 
green t shoots it 
once 
than twice 
no traitors he says 
they leave head to the fountain that bowser fall into the midnight fountain 
the taod starts heading off to a town 
were leaving 
they head to the beastmaster and 
i said no pets allowed in my  house 
this isnt your house its the oriacle 
markop enters am i intrupting something 
yes i was hunting ghosts 
ghosts 
yes I want to kill a real ghost to prove they are real  
is that the ghost that was helping us markop thinks  
I need to know if ghosts are real i need proof i will put its soul in one of my rugs 
hey your a centaur i don't have any centaur rugs 
huh 
oh sorry come one ill bring my two "dogs" (hell hounds) and i want you to find the ghost! i will give you that shadow crystal you wanted too 
how do you know about that 
we know about all your plans remi wont shut up about it 
remis birhtday 12 harvestide 
a ghost that would scare people could probably scare remi markop suggests 
it does some intresting so...okay
remi asks what a dead ghost be like a bedsheet with holes in it 
markop says id be gone 
how can they kill a ghost 
remi puts on a preformance of her lifetime....
she puts a show to lure out the ghost she picks up a pillow while dancing 
i dont think that... wait were did you get a pillow markop says 
dont worry about it it wasnt the best idea 
remi is alone markop waits with toad in nearby room 
sommone knocks at the door ooooh im a ghost 
remi opens it 
its someone a onyx knight in a blinket sheet eyes cut a fake ghost 
a vampire comes in tries to caok remi to follow him 
remi beliveis its a real ghost 
markop calls it out as fake as they ask remi to play sign the contract 
if demons,magic rats and contracts exist why not ghost 
if we thorw a arrow at you wlil you bleed than 
go ahead shoot me the ghost says 
remi says dont mind me as she gets a dagger prepares to stab he blocks with a paper 
markop pulls the sheet off from behind 
they drag him down to the beastmaster for wasting her time explain his sitution 
beastmaster says give me a second while i knit a new rug sideeyeing the ghost 
greeb t wants it markop convinces him to split it beteween all party memebers all pieces to the portal except for remi markop agrees they both dont trust remi 
markop holds the shadow crystal 
its shadoy narcotic abosrbition it can see perminsions into the future markop saves it for latter 
remi notices on the bottom it says OC and AC 
This room is flooded with an uncharacteristically steady violet light from flickering orbs in the far corners of the room. In this dim light rests a collection of strange items and treasures held in cases of gray wood and leaden glass. Against the south east wall, a large painting seems to imagine a more autumnal state of this same gallery.

Numerous cases fill this space, resting against walls and lining the carpet, each filled with objects of all sorts.


markop uses a magic detetiction ruin 
 all locked and magically warded. Picking the locks is very difficult (DC 20 Dexterity (Thieves' Tools) check) and alerts guards to intrusion when a case is opened without its accompanying key. Kryn and Vivesna both carry keys to the cases.

Puzzling Case. A modestly sized statuette of an elephant made from jade sits next to a golden knight and a large carved statuette of a mummified king sitting on a throne.

DC 14 Wisdom (Perception) check. Looking at the huge painting on the wall, the case depicted has only a single object: the jade elephant. This is unlike the case before you, which has all of its items in it.

A clever spellcaster with access to Locate Object can use these statuettes to make locating their missing counterparts in the Ruined Manor much easier.

The Other Cases
DC 16 Intelligence (Arcana) check. The underside of each case is marked with a magical ward. What the ward does is not clear, though it's not a harmful design by the looks of it.

The Crystal Sword. A huge and probably very fragile Crystal Greatsword.

Eight Legged Freaks. A pair of very large preserved spiders, one Blue and one Brown.

One Bird. A large Preserved Raven. It is in good condition and appears to have been expertly made.

Pulsating Lumber. A single Shadow Log of dark wood which seems to pulse and twitch with shadowy energy. It must have been cut from the woods beyond the estate grounds.

The Dark Crystal. Two large Jagged Crystal formations rest in this case. They look like a mixture between obsidian and charcoal, and seem to drink in what little light touches them.
Arcane Accretion Set. A large selection of face down Collectible Cards. They feature beautiful art and all seem to have complex rules and lore about whatever's pictured.

DC 14 Intelligence (History) or DC 14 Intelligence (Arcana) check. These are highly popular, very expensive cards that belong to an obscure card game where powerful wizards battle for control of fantastic realm by drawing energy from the lands themselves.

DC 15 Wisdom (Insight) check. If the party has learned how to play Gonzo Gab from the goblin staff of the Feyward Manor, they can discern that this is, in fact, the same game but portrayed with considerably more ostentatiousness.

A case of three cloth-covered boxes. These small boxes are covered by a red, blue and black cloth. It's impossible to tell what's inside them without removing the shrouds.

GM Note: If the boxes are uncovered there's a brief swirl of ice cold mist and nothing else. Investigating the space by any means reveals the space is empty, and perhaps always was. Putting the cloth back does not return the cases.

Diamond and Shield. A Giant Diamond rests in an ornate display case lined with velvet, and next to it is a beautifully decorated Golden Shield.

Spider and Mask. An intricately detailed and articulated Spider made of gold and festooned with jewels sits beside a solid Golden Mask.

Metallic Geometric Shapes. This collection of shapes includes a Silver Pyramid, Golden Orb, and Adamantium Cube.

Gemmed Goblets. A collection of huge silvery goblets meant for a creature far larger than normal. Each one is affixed with a glimmering jewel of a different color. As containers the potential of these goblets is infinite.

The Infinity Goblets: Infinity Goblet (Blue), Infinity Goblet (Green), Infinity Goblet (Purple), Infinity Goblet (Red), Infinity Goblet (Yellow)

The Mirror
At the barest glance the painting appears to depict the same room they are standing in, but imagined in autumn colors, in the light of sunset.

The space reflected is overgrown with strange plants and bathed in a warm afternoon light which faintly spills out into the dimmer room. It seems so real that it almost seems to cast that orange light into the room itself.

A Moment of Reflection
Party members who take even a moment to examine the large "painting" hanging on the south east wall will rapidly realize it isn't, in fact, a painting. The light dims periodically, and on rare occasion figures move through the room it depicts. This is a planar mirror, showing this same room in the Feyward Manor. The room is overgrown- leaves and vines have overtaken nearly every surface, shaping the room with autumnal colors.

Touching the mirror right now does nothing, though it feels strangely warm and pleasant, like the sun on a warm day.

The room reflected in the mirror appears much less clean than this one, with subtle variations in the decor. The overgrowth features twisting vines with colorful leaves in all manner of strange configurations, and the light through the window seems an unchanging autumn sunset.

Detect Magic. This mirror is positively suffuse with magical energy. Conjuration magic, specifically.

DC 14 Wisdom (Perception) check. Each dancer's face bears an expression of quiet concentration, of total focus on their art- yet on closer examination, one might start to wonder if they can't detect a hint of fear as well. The style is similar to other pieces in the Shadeward Manor. (If the party has met Lyranth, they will recognize this as her work).

DC 16 Intelligence (Investigation) or DC 18 Wisdom (Perception) check. Too much is similar and exact in this image for it to be some simple painting, the room is too similarly organized, the contents of the display cases are the same—No, not the same. One display case is notably different, the one which on this side contains a Jade Elephant, A Golden Knight, and a Stone King— in the reflection, only the Jade Elephant remains, the other two pieces are conspicuously absent.

DC 18 Intelligence (Arcana) check. The back edges of this mirror's frame mask several runes and sigils which peek from behind the glass. You would need to take the mirror off the wall and risk damage to it to fully determine its purpose, but the runes definitely have attributes of Conjuration. It is likely this mirror connects to another place, and if the right command phrase was said or the right triggering condition was met, it would likely serve as a sort of doorway to reach the place on the other side.

ignore the roll ammounts 

markop notices the wards he wants the other orb that looks like it 
remi investigates someone must have a key but were will the key be 
we can look for the key or think of an alterantive 
wait a minuet i have a picklock she pulls it out 
remi tries to pick it 
alarm 
BEEP BEEP BEEP 
gas starts pouring out from room 
remi and green T run to dog he barks at a bone in the case 
they run to window 
see dead guy splayed out in bushes 
if we dont leave well end up like him 
they all jump out mossy last remi convinces the robot dog to jump 
remi decieds to go off and try doing something else before the day ends 
green t says so your birthdays ending soon what did you want remi 
to go home 
he stays silent 
its not much but i got you this 
he hands her a wario themed garlic grenade and a musket 
i got you this as a present 
green t gives markoip a smug smile as he says he didnt end up getting the crytsal 
markop tries to indenitfy the gas markop grabs grass throws it in nothing happnes he thinks its not posiion gas 
all the displays are in the ground 
markop spots wario climbing with pierce anamatar 
wario slides down pierce is there flies down reveals he wants to get the mirror of true refelection to see his true face without mirror cracking 
wario offers them a rope stealing it from remis bag they begin the climb going slowly 
first wario 
next remi 
she falls markop catches 
green t wonders if the gun was a good giftr after all 
remi climbs again 
falls
markop fails to catch her 
green t grabs her by the musket pulls it back he takes it back 
maybe next year he says 
green T climbs up not before warping a rope around markop like a horse airlift 
they are up wario wants to go on his own says mirror mirror on the wall who is the strongest of them all its me wario wahahaha I was just in the feyward returining a book now im here i go on my own 
markop says im most likely stronger than him 
anyone have theves tools 
 the one year old than last year does 
 remi heads to the closet window not the most startegic one just the closet and fails to open it 
 do you need help no no 
 she heads to next still fails 
 we are the toads who broke the glass we will kick there ass to toads sing 
 (make a full song please)
 remi says dont 
 remi tries another window 
 one more time fails again 
 clink the theves tools break remi is sad 
 wario breaks one window open with a lockpick 
 its a servant room 
 markop says its poor quality 
 pierce anamatar says it is a servants room after all
 markop picks up remi as she opens the door he is trying to listen like a cat by the neck remi is parralized markop listens in its clear he leaves 
warios eyes turn to gold he runs into another servant room 
 wario checks pillows finds gold inside it 
 markop picks up a water bucket trap wario missed 
 wario says he was in a bigger building like this all i found was crummy regency papers 
wario tells remi to explore the bathroom
 remi explores a bathroom 
 in the bathroom she found a note 
 Dear Kyrn C,
 I have prepared the dinner prepreations for today, I have sent the invitations out today. The planar fracture was caused by a large group of fools i sense two are coming today. I told the oriacle my plans he agreed. We will invite them in they will eat food laced  with sleeping pills once they fall asleep we take them to the inner chambers and have our own feast. once the party is our thrawlls we will begin our plan to cut the three planes. We must stop the fake  oraicle the ruined one his real name will not be spoken.
 From 
 Vivian C.
 remi shows the note to markop he says I knew it! they were trying to trick us 
context from rooms they broken into 
More and more the sparse corridors of the upper floor suggest a lack of interest in decor. The servants, if they even use these rooms, clearly do not care to decorate. The west hall is a bare corridor with doors primarily against the westmost wall, doubtless leading to ever more servant rooms.

A simple, undecorated chamber that could be easily discounted as just another servant's room. There is a faint odor of stone and clay here—and that is really all that indicates someone might be living within. The room is kept immaculately clean, and it's easy to doubt that it contains enough of anything to make it worth searching.

remi decides to check done 
markop listens into a door he detects magic heres toads singing tells them to stop 
eager sliently whips the door open remi runs in oh boy a door 
a skeleton wakes up 
shiver me timbers rattle me bones who are you 
dont mind us markop says suprisingly walking in the room 
markop opens the magic closet that he detecetd 
sees a antiquie frog and a goblet 
markop thinks of robbing him but decides to convince him to come becoming he explains he is a  skeleton he wants flesh and bones he wants to turn back time to be a human 
my name is rattles he says 
they continue down hallways
remi heres snoring  
markop dosent hear anything in a room remi heres something 
that girl is quite guilble however the real trap will be set soon 
hmm what do you intend to do 
well if i told you that would ruin the fun no? i guess youll figure it out 
but dont we need a plan first 
i have a plan your on a need to know basis 
alright 
I wonder what girl there talking about remi asks 
they open the door but the toads are still sgining so whoever was inside heard the sgining and noticed right away 
we creep though the halls toads with no balls we fight till the end with rattles and our friends they sing (come up with lyrics)
mystic morsole is there green T offers him tea 
markop says he knows what he knows about a mirror 
if you mean my beutrufl face you can just look right here 
he tries to convince remi to add him to the party remi refuses 
they all head out leaving mystic morsole green T and a few other behind the reason not yet known 
they head into the door sees wario petting remis robotic dog he wants to get the chest he has open mirror might be in there
eager opens the chest wario swoops it all into his bag eager whips his bag says no stealing its for the group 
he looks through 
a lot of gold 
on the front property of M M 
wario says mr mustache markop hasnt heard this name before 
eager goes through warios bag of holding making sure its not there he didnt take the mirror inside the tresure chest 
Rare Item (Requires Attunement). A standard Bag of Holding that Wario definitely stole from someone (the original owner's initials "M.M." are still faintly visible on the inside flap, hastily scratched out). The bag functions exactly like a normal Bag of Holding—extradimensional space, 500-pound capacity, 64 cubic feet volume—but Wario has filled it with the most chaotic collection of stolen goods, dangerous items, and inexplicable junk imaginable.

Current contents include (partial inventory, Wario refuses to fully catalog it): approximately 47,000 gold coins in mixed currencies, seventeen cursed monkey paws ("collectibles!"), five Bomb Gift Boxes (live and armed), a mirror that shows alternate timeline versions of whoever looks into it (stolen from Raventree Manor), multiple bags of "definitely not stolen" Koopa Troopa shells, what Wario claims is "the original recipe for Peach's cake" (a stained piece of parchment with flour handprints), several bottles of expensive vampire wine looted from dinner parties, a crowbar labeled "PROPERTY OF IRON LEGION - RETURN IF FOUND", emergency rations (mostly garlic), and an alarming number of magical items of uncertain provenance.

Additional contents discovered through various incidents: three fake mustaches (for disguises that never work), a collection of IOUs from people who definitely aren't going to pay him back, a wanted poster of himself that he keeps as a "trophy", four healing potions (expired, but Wario insists they're "probably still good"), a set of lockpicks, various grenades and explosives, a grappling hook, fifty feet of rope (stolen from a ship), a bottle of invisible ink, a jar of extremely pungent cheese (forgotten and now possibly sentient), and what appears to be a small fortune in stolen jewelry.

The bag also contains Wario's "emergency fund"—several thousand gold pieces separated into a special compartment that he only touches in absolute desperation (defined as "situations where I might actually die before I can spend the rest of my money"). This fund has been dipped into exactly three times in eighty-five years, which Wario considers a point of pride.

Wario treats the bag as his mobile vault, and losing it would be psychologically devastating to him—possibly more so than actual physical injury. He checks it obsessively, counts his gold daily (it takes about an hour), and sleeps with it tucked under his head (which is uncomfortable but necessary because he trusts literally no one, including his own employees).
no mirror eager notes he has a lot of gold and stolen property wario says no 
This room must once have been a gathering place for servants when they were off duty—of course, that seems unnecessary here. While the shelves of this room feature a wide selection of a variety of books, most of them are disinteresting— simple stories meant to entertain. It appears that at some point, someone has cleared out the majority of the bottom bookshelves to store painting supplies, sealed jars and bottles include a vast array of colors, though they have begun to separate and would need to be shaken to recombine.

A cabinet on the eastmost wall contains a variety of painter's tools.

they see volstos talking to  tymas saying 
they did not kill the scorncrow they took your trovel they did not fix  with your garden they are not trustworthy 
markop opens the door 
YOUR LYING 
GAH 
we will do it we just have been scattered bowsers gone and the scorncrow we are just weak right now 
weak volstos says he gets up 
well thats just perfect he smirks perfect time for a ambush 
markop and co run as he floats chasing after party slams door open 
markop smites him his wings fall he falls to ground 
he fights toads flying across room 
he surrnders and asked remi please spare me i dont want to attack anymore 
a perfect idea as long as you do it first 
volstos is stunned frozen 
remis arrow goes straight through his kneecaps 
i-i thought you were weakest one 
thats what you get for pretending to be my friend remi said as eager ties him up 
he is bought to a room no trial no arguments 
running down hall panting 
green t arrives with a gun I heared someone needed to be put down.
remi says i got a new shadow blade 
cut head off with one swing than cut in half with the next remi does like a watermelon
markop loots him 
wario loots him 
A blended black tea suitable for making a single pot. It smells of warm spices and bergamot oils. It also happens to contain enough powdered alchemical intoxicants to cause a period of mild euphoria and grogginess for anyone who consumes the tea.
A purple-black crystal pulled from the gullet of a large beast in the shadowfell. It is unpleasantly warm to the touch and numbs the fingers if handled for too long.
and the black crystal the igrenedt for the portal
eager got new pants... 
they need one more 
for now lets keep moving 
one less neusense to worry about remi says 
markop wonders what happens to the real toadburt from early 
14 harveside 1040 
remi is sitting on a table 
wario says bad manners 
isnt it meant to be sit on 
do what you will I still win 
green t says congrats you killed the archivist 
he pretend to be my firned so he deserved it 
green t says i had a plesent converstaion with a purple toad he told me to warn you about markop dont tell him i said that 
he points to a purple book mystic mythasisms 
remi inspects the book purple is a funny color 
she dosent want to open the book 
green t plucks the book the bookshelf falls revelaing a hidden passage 
This hidden respite from the rest of the house has a silence that feels almost unearthly. There is a serenity here that isn't felt in the rest of the manor. The lamps in their sconces have long-since run out of oil. The walls are lined with extremely vivid paintings of Raventree Manor as it once existed, differing seasons, with indistinct depictions of people roaming the grounds. There is something tranquil and pastoral about this place. Save for two comfortable benches that face the front windows of the home, their plush red upholstery inviting, there are no other furnishings.

A thin layer of dust over most everything suggests, immediately, that no one has used this hall in a very long time.

they walk in the bookshelf goes forward locks them in
she tries to ram the door 
fail 
 she spots the oriacle heading inside from a window 
remi says if you dont first sucessed ram at full speed 
she hits her head against the bookshelf 
they reach the otherside its a mirror of the perviosu room the door is 
open door sees gaurd they run lock door escape the window run into pierce anamatar 
remi explains full story 
what why would accept candy from him that makes you cant attack him pierce anamatar says 
he was firendly can you say no to candy 
so what should we do 
fine 
the green one already failed to kill him 
YOU are incapable 
and your friend wont listen 
ill do it 
ohh kay
were on a mission to go back home 
hmm 
all we need now is a glass mirror 
well is that my problem 
it is A problem 
well look if you kill the oriacle this place will collapse and you will be spat out 
it sounds painful 
yes very to the oricale not you 
give me a weapon 
remi offers him a dagger and one for a fallen comrade 
not my comreade someone else 
hmm 
who 
i dont know it was someone i foudn one day i needed a weapon i took it 
vauge....
alright remi ill take either one 
she give him a regular dagger 
he leaves saying wait here or not 
remi looks in a nearby window as there on a roof they exited the window to the roof 
she checks the cabnitis 5 gold and the mirror 
green t opens door 
menwhile 
markop asks skeleton how to open the bookcase 
well this really is rattleing my funny bone maybe if you grew a spine youd be able to force it open 
gaurds enter holding archivist head 
who did this 
why is there blood on your axe 
markop tried to explain it was the scorncrow 
scorcrow don't bleed 
don't devils dispaear after death 
why do we have his head than 
markop motioned for bones and eager to run 
he pushed salam out and ran 
they run a chase 
down a hallway away from everyone they see a door open green T waves them down 
green t opens door 

they run in out the window 
they run more see room ghosts contorlling other ghosts seems like they lead from the back 
they continue through a window into a room 
A warmly lit and unusually comforting space, this spacious room smells pleasantly of incense and old books. Three plush and inviting armchairs are arranged around a small, low, table which features an ongoing chess match. Anyone who is familiar with the rules can see that white are losing quite badly.

Behind an elegantly carved wooden screen, a large bed is placed centrally so as to offer a view from every angle of the grand bay windows, and the south of the room features bookshelves that offer a variety of provocative and intriguingly titled spines.

markop checks a desk collection of teas seems similar to the one he has from the archivsit 
eager finds a new pair of shoes put them on says feels wrong wearing dead persons shoes 
markop points out he is waering a dead guys pants 
well pants are important 
remi checks a door heres mumbling 
markop says is that wario 
they hear knocking at other door 
they choose to head towards wario sound 
its him looting a room 
you find the mirror 
no not yet 
they continue down hallway checking rooms mostly empty 
remi checks one is grabbed by lasso and taken in 
remi looks around notices towels 
green t doges an axe weilding sheep man says thank you for killing archivist 
markop heres remi screaming from the room kicks door with hoof nothing switches to axe sheep says your too violent 
he pays off the lasso guy that kidnapped her for 15 gold gets tied up remi back 
he shuts door 
markop notices archies supplies are missing from remis bag 
Sparse and utilitarian, this wood-floored hall stretches from west to east with scarcely anything to break its monotony. Doors line almost every usable wall, and it's easy to assume from the lack of furnishing and the echoing steps that behind every door is a modest room housing servants quarters.

Just outside a lavatory in the east end, an unframed painting on canvas stretched over a piece of wood sits flush against the wall. Red flowers in a vase, set outside against a stone backdrop, like some sort of memorial site, it is overcast and grey. A tiny, inked label at its bottom corner, only just noticeable, reads "Ylana's Fountain"

remi proceeds to open multiple doors till one shuts on her and she is ambushed by ghosts 
the door is locked with a arcane lock the ghosts surround her banging on door from wario says he might use the wario bash 
remi must act she thinks about running but no she chooses to fight she swings a anchor slams it into the ghost disubrusing the threat the door opens lock is done 
wario runs in spots a tresure chest and smashes it open gold in his eyes the chest breaks open loot everywhere 
14 harveside 1040 22 32 
wario picks the lock sliently 
markop asks what he sees 
wario smells money he walks into the room 
green t says he dosen't actually know were teh mirror is 
markop says we still havent check main room were purple toad was 
green T says hmmm 
remi says check door infront of them first 
theey agree markop says its okay to talk 
toads start singing 
creep and crwal the toads sneak through the halls 
markop says as soon as i say its okay to talk you sing!
they enter the room ghosts are there commanding flying haunting things saying they will haunt the cornvarus family for generations 
a big ghost says feed me more slop as his ghost wife orders servants to feed him he burps ghostly reminant going on the floor 
wario steals from the dresser as the party discuss who should look in the draw 
remi looks in draw its ramsacked
markop cant tell what it is a powedery substince
These private chambers are more humbly appointed than those of the family rooms below, but stand in stark contrast to other servant quarters by merit of size if nothing else. The furniture within is plush and offers a quaint seating area for guests, though both the sitting table and the writing desk are often covered with papers and books in a perpetual state of disarray. As tightly organized as Usk might be in his person—a measure of disorganization leaks through in his organization of the affairs of others.
markop spots two mundane mirrors on the floor green T inspects them the base is right on one  
a ghost appears what are you doing with my stuff 
oh mr ghost markop asks do you know what happened with this mirror he shows him 
oh that the ghost says we broke it a while ago , maybe we threw it out we used it too see each other 
markop looks out window 
grabache piled up 
can we just remake it markop asks 
I DONT KNOW CAN YOU OPEN PLANAR fractureS ON A WHIM! ARE YOU MAGICALLY ATTUNED TO THINGS???? I DONT THINK SO THIS IS HORRIBLE!!
they search the roof 
markop finds a book called the wario method and 15 gold remi finds a shiny piece of glass 
green t explains that is a part of the mirror give it to me 
okay 
now markop give me the base 
markop thinks 
he has the orb of shadow domoniation and black crystal 
remi has the umbral siglet 
green T its only fair if he gets the mirror part 
markop gives it to him 
he looks around dosent have anything to repair it 
asks if anyone has a mending spell 
one person speaks up gruff voice Merric the axe weilding sheep  from earlier 
remi intrupts him i know a mending spell 
they all look at her 
thunderclap also sounds scary and scaryness comes in handy 
thunder cla-
someone stops remi from clapping 
she gets the mirror and mends it back together 
well it has been a while since i looked at myself in the mirror im probably dirty but.... ill give it back to green t 
markop examines it for magic he notices magic he is about to get it 
swipe 
wario swipes markop drags and pulls wario trips 
hey you tricked us 
i never said you can keep the mirror i only said i can have it 
if you help us get that item and kill evil crow guy you can have the mirror 
fine wario says ill loot its body though 
thud 
from bottom floor someone says 
a sound is heard remi uses a rope to go down and view 
remi goes down markop holds rope 
remi sees people enter a room its 
The master bedroom is luxurious and large, dominated by red furnishings.

A wide red couch to the immediate left is flanked by ornate silver vases, filled with roses whose petals seem to be made of clotted blood, each attached to a black stem bristling with thorns. Aside this is a desk with space for two.

The main area of the bedroom features numerous cabinets, chests of drawers, and wardrobes. A nook toward the north of the room provides seating for two and what is likely a commanding view of the estate's back yards.

A large four post bed with velvet curtains half drawn easily rests two, and near it two doors exit to the south. In the north, a quiet nook houses a small table and a pair of chaise couches, curtains partially undrawn to look out upon the bleak and dark lands over which Kryn and Vivesna rule.


tanuki burt is there toadburt is there injured 
they are surunding a planar portal covering and uncovering it from a rug even mystic morel is there 
she loses focus slips tumbles into a bush 
Lyranth the Sculptor and Vaxillus Loumaal is there 
sees remi out window waves 
they sortered there distance we dont want to turn them to stone we now like to stuff them into taxadermie 
come join of from green T
markop thros another ladder as they cut the orgianl one remi starts running up 
they climb out window chase after remi Loumaal overtakes remi 
markop steps on Loumaals hands as remi climbs on her back remi jumps on her back and climbs up 
other rope hits a gaurds head "HEY BE CAREFUL WITH THAT THING"
Loumaal grabs Lyranth they get on second story windwsil and go inside running upstairs 
remi is up safely 
lets go team the sheep says 
wait who even are oyu 
what do you mean im part of the team 
whats my name than markop says 
centerus 
wrong 
wait i know this one 
why dont you join our team instead 
hmm i dont know 
he thinks  
sure why not 
they agree the party is bigger now 
they start heading out door slams open as they exit the roof 
Lyranth the Sculptor and Vaxillus Loumaal are there ghosts are now hostile 
a koopa exits a window from right left maxisils the sheep smirks he distracted them long enough 
we have you surrnded all doors are locked this wont be another archivist battle 
you cant sneak out the door now 
the doors locked 
they are surrunded the gaurd at the bottom is working with them too 
all arrows ghosts are aimed at them 
remi grabs a feather says feather fall time 
the skeleton remi and three toads eager salam and dan grab onto remi they decend sofely 
remi jumps off sees a trampline on the floor she lands right next to it 
servants start surrunding markop ghosts are draining markop he is getting tired 
servants pop up singing we are the servents short and spout here is my ghostly here is my spout 
wario tugs on markop we need to get out of here 
markop dashes douges ghosts jumps off the roof dosent land on trapoline lands on guy instead oof
he sees remi and co running away downwards the path he continue s to follow them
Around the great shadow estate there are bone white paths of paving stones hemmed in by fine gray brickwork. These walkways travel from the front of the house to the large courtyard behind it, each one spotless and pristine except for a sprinkling of faded crimson petals, and stiff, stony gray leaves from the surrounding flora.
they continue to run 
a spotlight came onto remi 
running is probably not the best option....
a spotlight comes on remi 
salam dives into a bush 
Step into the spotlight, you pitiful crew!
The Iron Dominion is looking at you!
You call yourselves "Reborn," oh, isn't that grand?
The clumsiest comedy troupe in the land!
You’re marching on castles, you’re looking for fights,
But you can’t even handle a handful of knights!
We set up a snare, and you walked right inside,
So swallow your ego and swallow your pride!
remi says only toads can sing 
remi runs to a window desperatly tries to open the window 
she can't open it 
toads are just staring 
markop picks up his trovel of reterveing and breaks the glass 
they run remis opens another door hellhounds rattles fights it 
they decide to help rattles 
markop goes from one end eager goes from the other side markop hits him from behind the dog is hit quickly and falls down .... that was the plan but eager got scared 
he ran and just threw a simple dagger it misses klinks on the floor 
remi runs to a door oh hey  i wonder whats in here she opens a random door its empty 
markop calls her over were fighting something over here 
remi fires two arrows which subsquently misses the target by a long shot 
dan decides to tend to eagers injurys markop is alone with rattles in the fight 
markop yells for dan to get over here 
he walks over clumsily and swings the hellhound sreams runs into another room knights appear  
Lyranth the Sculptor appears at another door 
well well well we know you have it eager 
hand over the black crystal eager our intelegence says you have it (markop has it )
what is the black crystal and what is its importance eager asks 
no jokes arrest him now
they storm the room from all sides out the old window they broke 
they run into the trophy room 
This dimly lit lounge is comfortably appointed and offers a quiet and intimate setting away from the bustle of the rest of the house. In its confines sits a macabre gallery of death replete with the furs and heads of exotic creatures that look like terrestrial beasts at a glance but are stranger still upon closer inspection.

Against the walls in various places are weapon racks which hold old weapons that are well made if otherwise unremarkable.

this room has 5 windows
remi says she left stuff in her room 
markop says we got everything we need we rest in the room 
what the hell is that thing markop says opening a window seeing something poking out the window 
they walk up to it its salam 
alright lets go 
markop wonders were green T is 
dan says worry about it later the knights are coming 
markop and co hide in tymass house 
tymas is reading a book fungi and you 
markop goes to sleep 
some time later 
tymass leaves to get supplies from the manor 
toads leave behind him 
remi says take it easy dont get into trouble because ill be in here and you will be out there 
we need some bark is all toads say as they leave 
dont worry we got dan we will be safe 
toads leave to chop trees 
toad remember woodcarving tool is broke go inside sitution is too hot they say 
eager reads the book on the table 
Tea is civilization distilled. In a single cup, you hold the labor of farmers, the wisdom of blenders, the patience of steepers, and the refined palate of centuries. To drink tea carelessly is to insult all of them.
This humble volume collects recipes gathered across decades of travel, trade, and — I confess — occasional acquisition through channels that polite society would frown upon. The Syndicate does not apologize for its methods. We apologize only for bad tea.
"A perfect cup requires perfect leaves, perfect water, perfect timing, and perfect company. Achieve three of four, and you may call yourself competent."
— The First Blender, founder of the Syndicate
What follows includes both legitimate recipes suitable for any tea house, and... specialized preparations that require certain ingredients not found in ordinary markets. The discerning reader will know which is which.
eager says i learned nothing from that he tries increasing is speed training 
knocking at the door 
knights at the door knocking with cookies in hand 
we bought cookies 
special devlievery for remi remmington is she here 
no she is not she is somewhere else  
three knights are there one checks window knocks 
hey you toad open up 
we need tmass we backed cookies 
eager blocks door 
salam is scratching the stomach sitting there bored another toad dan is layting sidefaced on the door the sound they hear is not being picked up took him two minuets and half to register in his brain 
remi says there not here but leave the cookies incase he comes back
they walk off  
alright than salam eager keep an eye on remi ill get the cookies 
dan gets cookies while they keep an eye on him 
dan smells cookies smell nice and toasty 
remi says oooh cookies i wonder what kind they are 
they are clasic choclate chip cookies 
oh boy! remi says 
akrugt eager checks for magic and descripencys 
one is in the shape of tymasses head get well soon its spelled up 
a note on back rit reads 
to tymas our best friend,
we miss you so much you being cooped up in that cottage your going crazy please we dont know the group name but we play games and do puzzles and have fun please come back to the house from O.T 
remi thinks the faction name is local misfits 
toad headed heros is another name dan thinks 
remi thinks why did they announce themselves 
remi eat cookies she eats 1 cookie 
dan asks are you sure you want to bite into it 
its a cookie how bad could it be 
remi realizes she bit the rasin one 
noooooooooooo
as the day comes to a close remi sleeps no milk and the toads 
salam takes gaurd 
....
salam falls asleep all togehter huddled up on the floor the toads in a pillow fort next to remi 
while markop sleeps in tymases bed 
toads still sleeping around midnight remi wakes up 
seems strange what should i do it would be convient if someone knocked on the door opened it without checking it and opened it realizing its not locked  remi says 
remi heres pots and pans moving they look up see a gaurd climbing through the window 
do you mind toads are sleeping here 
the gaurd says just visiting a friend as they enter markops room 
wait a minuet thats a bedroom i should do something about this but quietly remi says 
she opens the door quielty sees the gaurd with a sword uptop markosp throat 
shh people are trying to sleep in here 
he falls off the bed 
scurrys back 
you cant wake these guys lets leave 
they head to the door it opens tymass 
he escorts the gaurd out upset 
some time later another knock 
she goes to door  noone is there a soldier is in the closet he tells her he can help her make a necklace get the black crystal from that centaur 
she does as told 
do you even have string 
he rips it off his uniform slopply 
remi procedes to fail to make the neckalce ripping it up like a cat 
they make neckalaces together remi never hands it over 
remi tells him to leave after he requests the black crystal many times 
remi changes a new look she has in the bedroom a clothing montage insues 
tymass comes in how was it 
some intrudecrs 
did they want me who were they 
no they never introduced themselves 
one of them was in the closet 
...
fine 
"Sit, girl,
Tymnas didn't waste time with pleasantries. He reached into the folds of his ash-grey cloak and pulled out a small, familiar object—the watch Archie had lost, a sealed inventory 
i think this is from your friend the flamethrower i found it 
remi unseals it 
"Archie,
If you're reading this, then the watch found its way back to someone who still believes in keeping time, or at least in pretending it matters. I left it where the roots would remember it, tangled near the grove's edge after that dinner where everything went from bad to worse to theatrical. You know the one. I saw what you did with the finger. I saw what it cost you. Don't carry that alone the way this place wants you to. The Shadowfell feeds on guilt like it feeds on light, and you've already given it enough.
The others are scattered, but they're looking for you in their own ways. The one-armed shadow keeps asking questions he shouldn't. The cheerful one with the cards keeps finding doors that lead nowhere useful. Even the big turtle breathes fire that doesn't belong here, and that stubbornness might be what saves you all yet. But you, Archie—you're the spark that started more than one blaze. The Guild wants you for what bleeds from you. The Hand wants you for what you might become. I want you to remember that entropy isn't just destruction. Sometimes it's the space where something new can grow if you stop feeding the old fires.
There's a shrine in the grove that still holds color. Orange eyes in a deer-headed statue. If you reach it without listening too long to the songs, it might show you a path that isn't all grey. Bring the watch if you can. Leave the guilt if you can't. And tell the others the grounds remember more than the lords ever did.
Don't trust the mirrors. Don't trust the silence after the screaming stops. And for once in your life, Archie Archbold Miser, try not to set anything important on fire until you know what you're burning for.
— A friend who still owes you for that rope you never paid for,
remi gets bits and pieces she says its just riddles 
remi says i tried sleeping but i seem to be the only one up 
something troubles you 
i dealt with people that dont belong
anything else pesronal intraspecfive 
im a little nervous 
what if i dont go back to my universe 
hmmm well what if you dont tell me what about that is nerveracking 
well its just that i come from a diffrent universe and i dont belong here and we just me and my firends were here on accident and werer just trying despratley to come home 
hmmm 
what if we dont reach home what if this orange vampire eats us or something 
oh 
everyone seems friendly but theres been some friends that dont act like friends 
maybe there not real friends after all here let me show you something 
if oyu ever have a feeling right that somethings not right or you chest pains a bit when you talk to someone 
ring that necklace it will tell you if there lying or not 
a knock 
here go try tymass says 
remi walks to the door 
who is it 
the mailman 
that dosent sound quite right 
she flicks the crystal it moves nothing happens (nothing actually happens)
are you really sure your here at 3am for mailman 
you can put on some sunscreen 
uhhh im not a sunscreen enjoyer 
you can leave the letteer outside and walk away 
a loud thud and walking away grumbling 
remi listens in just hears cricklets 
you can always check the window tymass says sitting in his chair 
looks clear to me 
here remi sit again 
he hands her a crystal 
you can give your friends this mundane crystal from Lyranth trick them 
or you can tell the truth give them the real one and take the mundane one 
she refuses the choice says shell gladly give it to her friends 
he talks more you need to be more indiepdent what can you do on your own
i walked those guys out 
what else thats just walking 
have a history of firearms... not very good at it 
you stole from the centaur that was good thats something you did on your own itnitaive no someone else you need to start taking more actions for yourself 
be a little selfish... 
i did try to execute someone who pretened to be my friend and they stopped me 
this other time i was able to follow through with it 
id be careful with who you kill but did they stop you for a good reason 
i dont think it was a good reason they prentend to be my firend i couldnt stop them before they caused harm 
life is crule like that but there are other sultions you still have a gun you said you had one 
28 harvestide its the night of  
no i dont have the gun 
you can always steal it back you stole the crystal 
your right 
what have you always wanted to do that you were never able to 
get more profeeiant in firearms 
you can steal your firearm back from markop 
she does on her own 
its warm to the touch markop feels lighter in his sleep 
oh good you did it on your own how did it ffeel 
risky and exciting she quietly closes the door 
now what if they ask for it back 
ill say no 
but youll say yes to the crytsal intresting 
you value guns more than natrual rock ill note that down (and so will waluigi ) 
anyway next time you are lied to use the crytsal see the truth and observe. you think you can do that 
no problem 
not every convincing....
well i have apsecial guest bedroom you can sleep in 
markop wakes up hear knocking at the window 
he goes to the window imp knocking 
you killed the archivist didnt ya 
self defesnse 
he enver would hurt a fly 
he said he would erase people from existince didnt he thats not pacifist 
things happend the library is in disarray you either clean it or we attack 
markop asks you in one army 
there are 9 people outside 
should you be telling me this 
i could be lying he smirks the imp 
we want our book back too 
markop checks his bags notices the items remi stole no gun or artifact missing 
he says hold up locks the door on the imp heads in the kitchen room sees the toads he tells them there is an imp outside looks for remi 
toads dont know were remi is 
markop searches house nearly gets hit by broom 
he finds remi sleeping 
remi is sleeping 
markop wakes up remi are you wearing the crystal we need to ewear home 
remi explains she made it a neckalace 
i dont think i broke 
remi you cant be wearing something this valubale around your neck 
but its pretty 
we need it to get home you dont just take it 
wow 
it did not take any time for you to figure this out 
did you take my gun back 
maybe 
please dont use it there is imps outside 
okay 
was the guy you saw an imp 
i dont know he was freindly 
was it tiny with small wings 
hr esd erstinh armour 
get ready with others ill finish talking with imp upstairs 
okay remi leavse 
tymass comes says to markop imps dont like candle sent as markop explains the sitution 
he rallies troops tymass as markop tries to reason with the imps 
the imps want the book markop said well we 
markop decides to arm tymass he gives him a sword not his sword (uncle ts sword ) but a short sword he thinks about repairing his sword 
eager and salam stick together they say they need to be prepared for what will go down especially with remi involved they plan to flee if things get too bad 
they say uhhh well question what happens if other fairys break though the windows or something 
the toads finally agree to flank windows 
thats the problem your meant to flank them markop says  
markop and dan take point near the front door the skeleton goes across from markop other side of window 
remi decides to go were the intial incounter occured markops bedroom 
eager decides to go infront of the door 
the imp charges thourgh the door CHARRGE 
eager markop and dan all miss 
imps surrund house attack markop be blockswith sword 
one goes invisible 
and another 
and another 
and another 
and another 
....
they were caught off gaurd they thought the door was locked 
imps ambush remi from behind using the bathroom window remi gets soaked in the back with poision 
imps laugh ahahahahah watch the window as they go invisible 
markop swung the imp looks like it took less damage that it should have 
another swing it laughs 
the imp mocks dans 
dan opens up his eye he senses were the ivnisble beings are 
eager has enough as dan points out the taunting one eager stabs real hard slashes red lines from the speed show the imp 
the imp laugsh barely damaged hahahaha you think you can best me your little sneak attacks wont work i am the archivists right hand man 
remi crossbows one menwhile in the bedroom it seems to take normal damage another bow duel shot one hit one miss 
salam hits an imp from behind 
tymass sets a snare outside the door trapping nearby imps 
markop finally kills it slicing it in half and dans points out an invisible one they follow 
markop starts mowing them down even if there invsible dan points them out he swings 
one flies up the other flies down dan swings another one blood coming out of the air invisble creatures 
one says just wants to watch 
dan says bardging into our house while others wait at your windows seems pretty hostile 
one says tell my life i love her we just need the book back 
imps see a weakness sneak in through a window remi is only one alone 
tymas uses his sword next swinging at an imp as the door opens noone is at the door 
markop slashes at an imp its wings fall on a opened book 
dan wakes up
he looks around undesrtands the assignment and 
im going to use a longsword and strike this imp dan says 
a loud whip crack an imp gets whipped the same one from before it falls
remi are u okay in there he asks the room is empty outside a limp salam and distrubed leaves they split up 
tymas said he through him out the window they follow the bushes 
markop and eager dan stays heals salam with tymas 
markop pokes his head out he sees a mazebound goes back in 
markop cant see anything were remi went 
eager  sees blood we better follow it them move up 
its dark in here 
were outside 
maybe we should have bought a torch
they deveate from the blood trail enoucnter a mazehound 
have you heard us sing 
welcome to the grove welcome to the grey 
youll never find the remi so you might as well stay 
markop says waste of time lets head to the blood 
they head back run into a mazebound 
says a new one 
what do you mean new one you know were remi was 
no that blood was my finger its gone 
it should be faster but the imps need a pure soul to heal it 
were would the imps take it 
the imp factory 
moms basement 
the dungon 
or 
too long markop says casts a spell 
he describes remi necklace and locates objects 
they follow it remi ends up behind them sacring makrop 
were have you gone 
i got kidnapped but i got myself and mossy out of trouble we lost some things though 
i know were the neckalce
remi ended up behind them b ecause the entrance to the necklace was upwards 
markop heals remi as they walk back into the dungon ready to recover the necklace 
stay in the back he orders remi 
okay
remi turns herself invisble they see crates in a cage its tied up seems like she has to get it back 
stay here mossy im getting some stuff and ill be back remi says 
remi sneaks past two gaurds climbs a barrel she humps down into the cage its like a crab cage 
a gaurd is garding the crates dosent see remi 
she cant find it she moves deeper into the pile 
remi finds a intresting box and opens it 
box gaurden jumps out 
im the box gardian i gaurd the box who opened my box 
goblin starts dancing other one comes down two partorling area now
remi invisble still jumps into the box pile 
he finds crystal inside a deep black jar 
how do i know if this is not just a clear one in the black jar i better look inside 
remi tries to move the black crystal out her hands is full of soot as it comes out 
remi puts her hands in tries to force it out 
BAM a flash of light fires upwards 
her body is covered in soot 
the jar was actually the barrel to a gun 
remi looks futher for the mirror but she cant ifnd it 
nice and quite slow and not get caught because if i get caught bad things will happen remi says looking in her spell book 
remi finds disguise kit in the pile she gets an idea 
she will disguise herself as 
remi finds a box i sorta looks like a goblin its just my size remi says she puts it on her head 
she draws on it with sharpie marker 
i am screwed she thinks 
okay now i hope my diguse is good enough 
hey who are you why why are you wearing that paper bag on yoru head 
im a box gaurden like a gaurden with a box 
there is a box that needs to be garded but before someone else gets before me 
she sprits we need to leave as quickyl as possible 
we can always come back another time and maybe with our luck wario will come with the mirror and smell like garlic 
seriously what is it with that guy and the garlic 
she sees the gaurd she killed eraler 
i guess he hasnt decompised yet 
the toads say that they decompose at a slow rate after death too were born from it 
when you deocmpose a new toad is born 
it almost makes me want to sing 
we are the fun guys 
you may call me a fun gi 
because we grow and grow and 
we scream and shout and run about 
remi says i cant belive my disguise worked as she runs from gaurds hearing the sinigng 
i think i know a way to find archie markop says 
