also the congress is misisng ALOT of stuff we can totally put it in right 
Bearer	Title	Element	Specieies 	Description
Rebellion	The Dark Sovereign	
Rebellion is a toad he is the toads god second hand man, why is he called rebellion its because he dosen't agree with everything the toad god does while the toad god is mainly pragamatic, he wanted to harvest the true power of a single shard so he began to run a set of star experments on shards 
with these experments he realized something, these star shards the toad god handed out they fell from the sky no? they were powered by pure anger yes. these shards are quite unstable he took them to a resaerch lab in the regal empire deep in a volcano the events of  The Star Shard Caves and the Tanuki's Origin you can guess what happens to the shard but is it truly in fawfuls hands now we will soon see 
Charismatic	The Battle Master	fire	
can a human really defeat a god?
He is a master minipulator, with his slick laid back hair and tux his main goal is distraction. he will send the party on wild goose chasses leading nowhere 
He is archie's "best friend" archie dose not remember him but he will help himself to joining disaster inc . He will travel with the party and help them defeat a star bearer with his maxed out 9999 stats and infinite damage and resistance this shuold be a breeze defeating the toad god. 
or should it....
he knows his real task it was asigned to him the moment he got the shard but will he really just follow the rules and stay the course. he did not want the shard at first he was a famous fasion designer he designed bowsers own tux for his wedding but now he must turn against the party. he wants to make clothes not fight people but something is keeping him from doing that 
Beauty	The Toxic Enchanter	nature
She is a bird person part of the iron legion, she is quite aloof and airheaded she is very by the books. she may be a new general but she sure tries her best. she cares about how she looks armour is lost of practicallity but that also makes her appear weak when she is not actually weak. she is a coward she will run away if things get dicy and she will escape. that is her best abilitiy she gathers intel comes in diffrent cosplays as she confornts the party gathers new intel and tries to fight them in diffrent ways. prehaps violence dosent need to be solved with this one	
Refrain	The Tempest	storm		
referain there is not much known about refrain other than they did something bad very bad that caused them to have so much restrainit against the party they show great guilt towards it. they will never say what it is but learning the truth might connect every one of the star bearers together
Refrain holds out, they never use there true poetntial until the very last moment that is there biggest stregnth and weakness. when it looks over they are able to use massive attacks. 
Might	The Unstoppable	earth	
Might an orc he has been bullied his whole life for his babyish voice it is high pitched and loud, once he obtained the shardhe knew what he must use it for, his mussles grew larger he grew bulkyier and his voice.... remained the same, he knows what he must do stop the main party from ganing star shards , he uses his star shards to raise armies make people do his bidding but he stays silent making it hard for him to give out orders and commands, if they were to hear his voice they will surley make fun of him no? and if they make fun of him he will lose his army. it is quite the predictiment.
Justice	The Arbiter	light	
A kitsune judge from the The Oathbound Judges she belives that the star shards are useful in the right hands. 
she holds a dark secerit though she has been gaining power for decades. each one of her 8 tails actually harbors a soul of a deafeated enemy inside of it but this soul is not just an ordanary soul its something bigger it was from people with high potential in them BOSSes if you will. each one she kills each level she gains another tail she grows 
once she collects all 8 than she will deleiver her final verdict not on the toad god but on someone else....
backstory 
her daughter is dead. she was only 5. she saw what her mom was studying. she knew what her mom was doing she wanted to be a "superhero" too. as her mom says she snuck into her moms labatory and injected herself with pure power this caused her to.... 
the oriacle  		
Already in files you know this one 
The Lost Bearer	Unknown	void		
... lost shouldn't really be explicit in the files right
The God Toad	Original Keeper	cosmic		
you know who this is 