**Timeline:** 24th Higsun - Evening to Late Night

**The Play Ends & The Library (18:13)**
the play ends 
hjumpik says what are you doing in here he wispers  
oh its a lovely play i just HAD to see it 
we have a mission you know right 
rakasha is giddy 
oh that was a wonderful play do you want to go shopping again 
come on lets go she tugs hjumpiks arms super storng he cant even resist it 
taod lee grabs waluigis arms and pulls him into hiding 
rakasha says were in the library now she is happy 
hjumpik thinks shes acting a bit weird 
a sprite flies overhead oh you were at the greenhouse can you help me oragnize the books 
im not a libraryian 
your not be we are 
whats your leaders name 
Aurelian Corvinarus
do you know were they are 
no 
why not 
the conversation contniues as toad lee makes way for the leaving playgowers 
they head to hjumpik 
24th higsun 18:13
a fairy stops them oh a toad do you speak sylvian 
no just english 
*The library looks to have seen better days, as most of its flooring has rotted and collapsed away to bare joists and foundation stonework. What remains of the flooring is shored up and supported by huge coiling tree roots breaking through stonework below. At the west end of the room are three massive trees, though one of them is distinctly strange, seeing as it has a humanoid face and arms, and is presently writing in a book. On the ground a small team of goblin servants tend to the stacks, ferrying books to and from the great immobile librarian. Among its great boughs are numerous little sprites flitting about, tending to dozens of hanging fruit, some of which looks like books. Much of the northern walls of this room have collapsed, leading to additional spaces, though at first glance they don't appear to be entirely library related.*
*This massive animated tree is rooted in the feyward manor's library, where he works with a small team of sprites and goblin house staff to maintain the archives. Immobile, he sits at the center of the library, where he can reach out with long bough-like arms to reach any corner of the room. His roots are deeply embedded into the floor, walls, and bookcases, and he maintains enough movement over them to allow him rearrange the library's layout as he desires. His leaves are a rich golden-red of autumn, and books hang from his branches as if having grown there. Strange and brightly colored birds flit in and out of the library, roosting in his canopy and chirping news to their placid host.*
waluigi grabs a book to read the whole shelf falls down on him 
toad lee helps pick up the books 
the fairy thanks toad lee for helping says go over to woodfellow and go tell him prixie sent you 
toad lee says hes good thank you though 
rakasha walks off toad lee tries to stop her grabs her hand he lets go as she is too strong he lets go 
hjuumpik says little toad she us unatrually strong today is there something wrong with her 
the play must have been a magical experince for her like her all time favriote and shes still in bliss 
they talk about theroies about the oraicle 
faires fly above them toad lee says faires they begain to walk hjumpik yells rakasha name 
he sounds low shh its a library
he cant scream here

**The Foyer & The Vines**
they head to the foyer 
*This grand entry way is dominated by a massive tree which grows out of a massive stone planter barely large enough to contain its trunk. Coiled around this tree is a stone statue of a toad with its greater feathered wings spread out over the foyer. Great, gnarled roots have crawled out of the planter and now offer to catch the feet of anyone not paying attention to where they step. The walls are adorned with paintings and tapestries, while the ceiling is crisscrossed with encroaching ivy and vines from the floor above, all of blooming with countless bright and strange flowers.*
hjumpik avoids the vines launches himself over the vines says its dangerous grabs toad lee does a flip 
waluigi walks over the vines a twig snaps 
hjumpik has a feeling this has something to do with someone he met before 
he thinks back to the sleeping dragon from eralier 
the statue says the wooded giant 
waluigi says what if we burn it down find a hidden treasure under the tree 
toad lee says denied 
people come in and out 
toad lee picks furit waluigi says he senses magic all over natrual magic not from a school 
toad lee says like a fairy tale 
hjumpik says this place is a bit deeper than we think

**The Investigation (Parlor & Outside)**
more people pass them
he follows one opens the parlor door 
asks them questions 
why are you here 
i was invited 
how long has this party been going on 
he responds with how big is the revel again?
he says you know the owner of the manor 
yeah he is right here 
he enters a room comes out 5 mins later 
was that the bathroom 
yes 
well that was usless hjumpik
hjumpik starts heading upstairs waluigi stops him says to check outside 
sees people walking 
*Raventree Manor stands amidst a great wilderness burning with autumnal colors and practically choked by lush plant life. Nearly every inch of the building is covered in some sort of growth, and large sections of the structure have collapsed to accommodate huge trees growing out of the manor. It appears as though the wilds reclaimed this manor long ago, and yet there are signs of life everywhere: The whole manor blazes with light, its many windows flickering with the shadows of movement. Mingled among the birdsong and rustling of wind through trees is the sound of music, laughter, and chatter.*
what manor is this 
raventree manor feyward 
whats fay ward 
fey as in magical ward is in the direction 
do you know this manor 
toad lee behind waluigi says this is the first time i seen it like this im so confused 
hjumpiks face drops as toad lee explains to him the manors are all connected 
hjumpik thinks the spys told me to get orangus corenelous but everyone here knows Aurelian Corvinarus
the tree said orang cornevius and orange sundaria 
he wants to ask around about orange sundria 
he asks the gaurds outside picking flowers they say orange cornvirus and sundaria was dating but thats all he knows  
hjumpik asks who was the prince again 
waluigi says oh prince bean bean of the bean bean kingodom 
toad lee says were getting off track and explores downstairs 

**The Lounge & The Clue (23:04)**
23:04 day 24  higsun 
toad lee heads to the lounge they saw eaerlier with th bar tender he knocks on the door 
he opens the door a goblin gaurd 
toad lee introduces himself and says we heard a archie miser is attending a party that was being contrsutioned from a invention we are his friend 
he gets out a notepad 
we dont have a archie miser here 
nothing you have any guests 
we took him to the theater 
what about the lord 
looks like HE likes to party hard 
hjunpik dosen't notice the insight takes a long time thinking realizes that he said 
why did you call him a he instead of a she
oh...... shoot 
who was this guest oh yours 
we dont have a name but we have a paw mark he hands him a paper with a paw mark on it 
the beastfolk is in the backroom 
was it a girl 
no it was a guy 
hjumpik says are you sure can you take us to him 
he asys wait in the lounge while he gets gaurds 
*This large L-shaped lounge is cozy and inviting, with worn but well cared for furnishings. Several walls feature wall-length bookshelves holding countless books for guests to peruse. A long carpet running the main length of the room, and over it are four small loungers with accompanying side tables. They are all arranged to watch a small stage with a piano and a standing harp, ready for impromptu performances. In another corner is a messy bar, stocked with an impressive selection of drinks, two giant kegs on stands, and enough seating for eight. A goblin staffer mans the bar, ready to serve whatever guests ask for, free of charge.*
the bartender offers them something strong something brew and something brandy hjumpik takes something strong 
he keeps it 
he comes back in goblin gaurd he says all gaurds are busy tells them to follow him they obey and follow him to a door 
hjumpik opens it 
*The northeast alcove features a central, flat 'stage' where sprites and goblins congregate to reenact stories and plays from the library's books. The stage is nearly 15 feet wide, and would be ten feet deep altogether if the northern center of the stage weren't occupied by a small plinth atop which a book is often placed for reading aloud. The outer five feet of the room is occupied by sprite-sized stone riser benches for sitting and observing the performances, with just enough space for other creatures to move between them with care.*

**Upstairs Exploration & Secret Room**
if i remember correctly this should be the exact layout of the ruined manor 
he goes to a door and listens in he hears drumbs music 
someone says to the Revel that never ends
he sees *The hallway ends abruptly in chunks of masonry and splintered wooden support beams. From this vantage point, one can see down into the chaos of the first floor below.*
he looks down sees people drinking and eating 
they head to the Western Landing
*A prickly nook nestled at the end of a quiet hall, snug against a set of stairs that climb to the third floor. A number of thick vines covered in pointy thorns adorns the wall, and two chairs sit around a small basket of berries.*
waluigi notices a crack in the wall he points to it says its a secerit but vines cover it thorny trees 
he tries to reach for the crack 
ouch he yells his hand pricks
hjumpik uses warhammer cant reach it 
waluigi summons lights around him they shine into the room revealing a hidden room 
hjumpik uses warhammer to move vines they enter room 
waluigi brings out something strong and morning glory 
*This long, two-handed weapon is light, the staff portion made of a flexible, woody stem. It is topped with a large flower bud of densely packed petals that are sturdy enough to serve as a bludgeon. In its default state it deals bludgeoning damage. When this weapon is exposed to daylight (natural or magical) the flower bud blooms, revealing a blade of milky gray steel which is wickedly sharp, and remains open for the rest of the day. The Morning Glory closes itself again when night falls or it spends at least an hour in darkness.*
waluigi drinks something strong 
hjumpik takes a mushroom and says i can come back
hjumpik looks outside sees a giant forest 
*The west balcony offers a scenic overlook of the west side of the grounds and the bleak forest shrouded in shadows that lies beyond. Far off to the north, framed against the starless sky, is the silhouette of a great tree. It towers, skeletal and leafless, a single point of reference among the grey treetops of the forest.*

**The Lord's Chamber**
time is 00:57 day 25 
they explored both collpased cellings 
they enter the lords chamber 
*This chamber was once an opulent lounge and sitting room, befitting a lord or lady of high standing. It has now been transformed into a makeshift feasting hall and thoroughly trashed by its occupants. The large firepit in the center of the room is currently giving off waves of heat and light, as a roaring flame spews smoke and embers up at the ceiling, blackening the high rafter with soot. Grimy hoof prints circle the pit in thick overlaying paths. Large wooden tables sitting around the edge of the room, some with half-finished meals still on them, while others have been laid out with a buffet of greens and nuts and fruits and breads and cheeses. Racks, crates, and whole barrels of wine sit nearby, ready to sate any thirst that arises.*
hjumpik says is this how you treat your guests 
she points to the mages guild Entropy Regulator Ring on hjumpiks wrist
give it to me 
what is this thing hjumpik asks 
an Entropy Regulator Ring it makes all things collpase to one 
we cant hand this out to a random person are you the lord of this manor?
lord im the lady of the manor 
how about we talk first 
why dont you exlpore around first, check the guest rooms we will stay here a long time 
your here to kill me right 
maybe i am 
not with that ring you maybe arent 
she reaches for the ring 
we just met you wouldnt touch a man on the first date owuld you 
we just came why dont you show us the guest rooms 
how could you tell why were you watching me 
there is magic all around here it stops around you any magitiadan can tell from a mile away 
darn mages guild hjumpik says 
she opens another door your free to leave at any point 
hjumpik says he dosen't trust him so much 
she says 
A few weeks ago we had a group of traveling satyrs come in, we only expected them to stay a few days—satyrs come through here all the time, on their way to one party or another. They don't usually stay very long.

However, some of their group ran afoul of the Revel in the dining hall and the rest fell prey to their own vices. We tried expelling them but they've simply refused to leave.

If you could do something to get them to move on, I would be delighted.

aren't you the lady of the house  why dont you do something 
we want to groom a good heir maybe the reveal will eat him maybe not 
you seem pretty apahtetic about the heir 
toad lee says if we do that we will become enemys of the heir right 
probably 
what do we get out of this 
cut ties from the mages guild 
i dont believe you 
ill send you back 
toad lee says what about my friends 
just three she says 
toad lee see waluigi with a fireball forming in his hand what do you think
he says no 
waluigi says why are mission is to kill her 
hjumpik says i dont know what he is talking about 
he laughs as he drags waluigi and toad lee into a door 
These former guest rooms have been taken over by the vines which now cover the walls and ceiling. Strings of vines have been woven together to provide strong lines from which hammocks have been attached.

Well worn and messy beds sit against the walls, joined by tables, seating, and storage for guests to secure their belongings in.

The floor is strewn with leaves, detritus and wine spills. Keeping this space clean is likely a constant, losing battle for the staff of the manor.

so what are you in here for he says to the satyr 
26th of effard 
hjumpik offers a beer to the satry to get them off his hands 
one takes it walks off the gangway 
This hasty construction of wooden planks hangs over the dining hall below, connecting the guest rooms. The makeshift bridge creaks in alarm as you put weight on it, but it seems like it will hold. You can see the dining hall below in all it's horrendous glory.

It's unclear what happened to the rest of this floor and its rooms, but it appears to have all gone away some time ago as there's no visible rubble that would match what's missing.


and jumps down 
hjumpik asks waluigi to show the reamining guests downstairs 
hjumpik says dont cause chaos please as waluigi shots the door to the guest room 
hjumpik enters the bathroom 
These former guest rooms have been taken over by the vines which now cover the walls and ceiling. Strings of vines have been woven together to provide strong lines from which hammocks have been attached.

Well worn and messy beds sit against the walls, joined by tables, seating, and storage for guests to secure their belongings in.

The floor is strewn with leaves, detritus and wine spills. Keeping this space clean is likely a constant, losing battle for the staff of the manor.
a mushroom emits a small gass he stars flexing  uncontrably 
hjumpik keeps flexing says lets keep mmoving 
toad lee heres a splat another splat and another 
toad lee opens the closed door sees waluigi flying above the gangway 
the satyrs are on the floor dead 
you could have just lured them to sleep 
waluigi says they walked right off 
hjumpik shurgs i wouldnt have done  it that way 
hjumpik spots something behind beer cansastars a secerit passage 
toa lee heads upstairs 
hjumpik checks the other room sees more guests sitting on a bed he thinks about what to do 
the party never ends we had a long day 
every part has to end eventally your overstaying 
i heard there was a house top left of the manor (witches hut )  i heard she makes good food 
she seems decent enough 
is there enough beds 
im sure she will have some beds.....
okay we will head 
they pack up there stuff and leave 
that all of them lady 
well now that you say it you can clear the rest of the house 
no no no wait 
too late she says 
wait noooo 
she says she will send them back once she sends them back this plane will severe the mages guild will be gone the heir will be safe and probability will reduce to zero 
alright but i need you to send back the rest of the party 
there are three planes 
three manors 
three lords 
three people 
present past and future 
but i can arrange a special arangement for you i will allow it (lie)
either way get these guests out 
is this the present now it seems like the past to me ?
its my present therefore it is your present 
the past cant live forever right 
once the planes severe it wont matter 
prehaps alright enough talking less doing 
toad lee explores sees sleeping guest rooms two orc butlers sleeping 
sees the giant butterfly 
explores sleeping butler rooms 
hjumpik asks why did you think im coming to kill you 
she says your mages guild ring 
do you have any ghosts here 
only fae 
if there was a ghost id want it dead 
toad lee looks out a window nothing but trees and a giant tree at skyline 
downstairs waluigi talks to her 
your oozing with entropy right purple onee 
its oozing with entropy that is what i must have sensed earlier 
hjumpik opens the master bedroom 
oh we really shouldn't go there on our first date she says 
hjumpik closes the door leaves her and waluigi to talk and she heads upstairs 
he sees toad lee 
hjumpik opens a door upstairs first door he sees a giant butterfly screams at him raaaaaaaaaaa
he hides with toad lee 
staff begin waking up they see them pass down 
time is 4:00
they spot them 
who might you be 
do not worry i was told here by aruleian cornavirus to check upstairs 
were on the nightshift we are here to cattch intruders 
we were just umm 
why were we up here 
we live here 
what about that butterfly why is that there 
it made a nest there aruleian wants it gone 
hows the progress on it being gone 
two dead 
we got two new goblin staff in traning we have to get going 
can you take us to them 
whats in it for us 
the warm fuzzy feeling that you helped a stranger reunite with his friends 
alright well fetch them 
they come out and bring rakasha and Rakshasa
rakasha waves with steely 
oh i found this pet steely 
they got you too hjumpik asks 
time is 5:23
Perrius Annmatar talks in hjumpiks head 
you can not let the timelines severe the plan will go kapoot 
yes i can bring you home just kill the heir 
no other way do i have to kill
unelss there is in iliigimate heir no 
actually something tells me the heir is not related 
than find evidence 
how
talk to people i guess 
kill the horrors of this house maybe 
the less magic the better for me 
say i fail and this place gets severed 
how will that mess up 
than there will only be two oraicles  there needs to be an odd number of oraicles 
even is balanced odd is irregular 
what if there is only one 
than probability will become 100%
time is 6:18
hjumpik gives the ghost a thumbs up 
toa dbehind me you dont want to come 
rakasha flies over the crowd 
gaurds try to grab at them 
jumps into hjumpiks arms 
gaurds grabs toad lee hjumpik swigns his war hammer toad lee flies downstairs we have to go now buy 
head downstars waluigi and Aurelian Corvinarus are talking waluigi has keys 
she gave me keys to the bathhouse 
she said secerits would be found there or something crytic i wasnt paying attnetion 
oh that was a insult she says you all are smelly 
just because your a ruler dosent mean you get to act cocky i can contact the mages guild 
i made arragments for yuou to use the master bedroom tonight im sleeping with someone else 
who with waluigi 
no a guest is coming i need to greet them very soon 
who? 
an old family member 
 they say the magic runs weak at times like these but i think that just makes it more intresting 
 i want them out by 5 nights to get these satyrs out and end the party 
 toad lee says are they evil or to raksah she says not nessesaraly 
 rakasha gets her stuff says were having a sleepover 
 hjumpik says check for traps your smarter than this 
 toad lee asks for the rakasha name she says its azure 
 alright azure be careful this could be a trap 
 waluigi enters says i sense magic from this room 
 hmm is it the big flower over there 
 could be 
 These chambers, meant for the master of the manor are at once lordly and wild. A giant flower has been coaxed into the shape of a bed, with numerous smaller flowers nearby glowing to bathe it in light.

Sitting chairs, once fit for nobility, now show the wear of decades of use. Coiling vines as thick around as a person's wrist or leg have grown here, crawling up walls, framing seats, and supporting old furniture no long fit to stand on its own.

Despite the wildness of this place there is a certain primal comfort about it.

toad lee explores the bathroom 
This bathroom is made entirely of white marble, giving it a crisp and clean appearance. In the center of the room is a large square bath, filled with water that is bubbling gently from a font below.

Around the edges of the room are corner planters, overflowing with colorful plants and ferns. A small window on the west wall lets in natural light, and a glass orb with a lively candle inside provides additional light.

toad lee says the bathroom is here with a very excelent tub 
waluigi says the days still young its still 12pm (12 56)
they all head out 
meanwhile hjumpik on his own talks to the saytrs 
hey you there 
ah how do you do 
so this party is right next to the queens party 
yaeh we are high class 
ONE ROUND OF DRINKS PLEASE 
but there is only two people at this table 
we both split it of course 
whos your leader 
Ralos? Relis
when did this party start 
since the party started have a drank your a dwarf dont you want it 
i should be offended by that but this smell is too ponent 
the door opens Aurelian Corvinarus
come here i need to talk 
hjumpik gets the feeling this is a distraction what happened to the heir 13:58 is the time 
ill tell you everything i know 
its a bit weird your telling me this now 
more of them showed up 
your not powerful enough to leave them no?
were are your butlers dont you kick them out that way 
As if they could! The last time I sent the guards up there, not only did they not come back for hours, when they finally did they were drunk!

I wouldn’t send them up there without a more reliable chaperone. Half the satyrs are drinking buddies with them by now.
what about the leader 
I believe there's a swordmaster among them—Ralos? Relis? Something like that. He is their leader, or at least seems to have more sway over them. They haven't responded to diplomacy. Mostly they just harass any who come to talk to them, if they aren't interested in joining the party. I can't have two revels here.
I would be willing to give you a pair of house guards to escort and assist, though they would be under strict rules to subdue only— no killing. You would also be responsible for their wellbeing.

They may be guards, and used to danger, but you requesting them makes them your charge. If you cannot accept that burden, you won't have them.
no thats fine 
they all leave the room 
rakasha is more calm says the play made her more excited 
they talk gameplan they explore more second floor more 
This room is filled with huge green and purple vines, covered in massive razor-sharp thorns. The vines are coiled around various items in the room, actively protecting and guarding them.

Any attempts to get at the items are met with whip-like strikes of the large vines, like it can almost sense your actions before you decide to make them.
hjumpik swings his warhammer into the room the vines grab onto it pulls him in with his warhammer rakasha and waluigi grab onto it swings it around and swings out the door and lands out taking no damage 
hjumpik orders waluigi to burn the room he follows fire comes out of his hands the dust clears the room is perfectly safe 
waluigi gets a shyguy  flying toy it flies in the room 
waluigi uses magic detection says it accepts three names 
Corvinarus, Oriacle and Cornellius  
its motion activated i think 
oh so we have to bring somone 
a satyr enters the room as they talk  the lords chamber 
leaves the door open they see Aurelian Corvinarus covering her ears sitting at the table 
they close the door head to another room 
From this vantage point, high above the revel taking place in the dance hall below, one can see that half of the mezzanine still stands. The floors are stained with red - it is unclear if the color is from blood or wine or both.

The other half of the mezzanine has crumbled, a piano that looks mostly playable if not for the large white flowers growing out of it perched near the edge.

Ropes have been strung above the area to hang lanterns that provide light for the revel down below. From up here it's easier to spot some of the creatures - satyrs, goblins and other fey - who are busied with gorging themselves on the rotten offerings around them.

hjumpik walks in notices 
the statues 
These statues feel almost as if their eyes follow you, as if they can see you. For the briefest moment when you touch it, you feel a tingling, skin-crawling sensation as if someone has just entered your personal space.
he sees a paper under it he uses his morning glory to pick it up 
a connection happens 

A faint, twisted and shadowed shape that could be an elf—glowing faintly, he appears composed of shifting and drifting clouds of fog in perpetual motion, as though moved by an unseen wind.

His features are angular, tight, his facial expressions composed with a strange but quiet dignity accented by deep shadows.
its usk from the other manor 
i died now im here 
died were 
past present future 
i dont know 
i remember Touched a statue. Saw a memory: a Corvinarus in orange robes *cutting their own palm* over a dragon egg. The egg *screamed*. The date was 988. The Legion was there. They called it ‘the grafting’.
so its in the past 
rakasha grabs him 
no no this statue summoned this guy 
stop talking to yourslef 
you remember something with a dragon 
yeah i do 
no no i mean maybe we both forgot what we are here for 
hmm nah i came here from my own violation not completly but 
how did you die 
someone cut of my fingers and stabbed me 
sounds crule thats just vampires though 
wasnt even vampires my own teammate 
maybe you can get revenge on him 
kinda busy 
alright fine ill describe him he is a mage he wears plate armor and he has three eyes thats all i remember 
wait no robes yes it was robes purple robes 
were was this third eye 
above the other two 
toad lee says hey jumpik you alright 
yes im fine 
uhh what dead gentleman 
touch the statue 
actually maybe not 
what does he like to use as a spell
hmm i havent seen him use magic 
his hands were burnt 
and his name was 
toad lee pulls him away with rakasha 
stop talking to yourself man you alright 
touch the statue you can see your not talking to yourself 
toad lee touches it nothing happens 
toad lee says hmm nothign happened 
let me touch it again 
hjumpik freezes sees an image in his mind 
the day the bloodline split 988 
toad lee sees hjumpik touch it and nothing happens 
hjumpik starts explaining 988 was when the bloodline split so there must be 
toad lee and waluigi leave the room asks is rakasha powerful as hjumpik is explaining
you dont want to hear what i told you 
the guy sounds like the description of the person that killed him was archive
toad lee says could be him but could be clones too 
so were you going now 
first things first lets put a pin in this  i need to check something 
hjumpik raksaha follow finding 
toad lee is grappled in the vine storage room 
said he saw someone of intrest  in the room so i had to check 
hjumpik says grab war warhammer they all huv and shov toad lee wont budge 
Aurelian Corvinarus exits a nearby room 
what are you doing here 
my friend got caught up in the vines 
oh thats why i locked it i locked the door so noone would get hurt 
well i dont know what happened 
toad lee clears the full room of vines stumbles out as they tlak he stumbles on all fours says oww 
hjumpik closes the door 
i actually have a guest list in that door so you can evect the satyrs 
oh yes about the satrys there was a statue over there i saw something is this place haunted or something 
no its the oppisite 
there was a ghost 
this place is the oppsite of haunted maybe just a magical appraiation 
she goes in room thanks for unlocking the door 
were is my guest list 
i think wario took it? i could have sworn i saw someone enter it 
6AM faeward time 
hjumpik checks with toad lee in the now sliced up room nothing 
Aurelian Corvinarus heads back to her chambers 
rakasha reveals someone is hiding under the desk waluigi remains silent on the issue 
hjumpik calls out to them 
wario heads up 
what are you doing here why didnt the plants attack you  
look take this he hands him 
A sealed vial with liquid of unusual color that swirls on its own.

This item has a faint magical aura.

This item must be identified before its properties can be known.
hjumpik realizes what it is 
Uncommon Consumable. A bottle of extraordinarily expensive wine looted from one of the vampire dinner parties at Raventree Manor during the dimensional chaos of Highsun 16-22, 1040 BF. The label identifies it as a vintage from 687 BF (268 years old), produced in vineyards that no longer exist, from grapes cultivated by vampire lords who appreciated fine wine almost as much as fine blood. The bottle itself is a work of art—hand-blown glass with intricate etchings, sealed with wax bearing the crest of House Raventree.

When you consume this wine (drinking the full bottle takes 1 minute), you gain the following benefits for 1 hour:

+2 bonus to Charisma (Persuasion) and Charisma (Deception) checks (the wine's sophistication rubs off on you, somehow)

Advantage on saving throws against poison and disease

You regain 3d8 + 3 hit points as the enchanted vintage courses through your system

You gain darkvision out to 60 feet (if you already have darkvision, its range increases by 30 feet)

Your blood becomes mildly toxic to vampires for the duration—any vampire that bites you takes 2d6 necrotic damage as the enchanted wine reacts violently to their digestive process

However, the wine is also strongly associated with vampire magic. For the duration of the effect, you are treated as an undead creature for purposes of spells and effects that specifically target undead (such as Turn Undead, though you're not actually compelled to flee). This is usually not a problem for Wario, who uses the wine purely for its healing and social benefits, but it has caused awkward moments when he's been suddenly affected by a paladin's Turn Undead while trying to negotiate a deal.

Wario has approximately 8 bottles of this wine stolen from Raventree Manor's wine cellars (he would have taken more but they were heavy and he was in a hurry). He treats them as both emergency healing potions and luxury items he can sell to collectors for outrageous prices. He's already sold three bottles for 500-750gp each to merchants who didn't ask questions about provenance, and he's considering raising his prices because "clearly I'm undervaluing rare vintage vampire wine."

The wine actually tastes incredible—rich, complex, with notes of ancient oak, dark fruit, and something faintly metallic that's probably the lingering essence of the vampire blood magic used in its creation. Wario doesn't particularly appreciate fine wine (he drinks it like grape juice), but he recognizes quality when it's profitable.
wait how did you get this 
oh a few days ago me and my pals went drinking i paid for the drinks they were on me 
wait what time period we are in hjumpik thinks to himself 
toad lee says time isnt this a new plane 
hjumpik says maybe new time period as well
i think were in the past actually 
maybe is could ask the time 
toad lee says so this is faeward hjumpik and this is the past 
well im assuming 
we can from run down manor 
722 time 
wario tries to jump over as they talk hjumpik says thanks for the wine but im not finished 
i know you really want to go which portal did you go into 
did the spy which one 
they all work for me legion mages guild everyone owes me money 
yeah i ordered stuff 
okay fine let me get it for you 
wario pov:
You plunge your arm into the bag up to your shoulder, rummaging around with the confidence of someone who knows exactly where everything is despite the chaotic mess inside. There's a lot of clinking, something that might be cursed growling faintly, the smell of garlic and old cheese, and then you triumphantly pull out exactly what you needed. You don't bother closing the bag properly—you'll need it again in thirty seconds anyway.
he hands hjumpik a gralic grenade pokemon center healing machine (poortable) and a aerodynamic canonball 
hjumpik says hey what about my health potion 
wario hands him one 
he says he ordered two 
fine 
wario says one more thing and ground pounds into the floor with the canonball and it collapses he gets up and runs away as he falls tot he second floor 
26th higsun morning 8 29  
hjumpik says so he is from the ruined manor 
toad lee nods 
we should get going and help the lady i guess 
and maybe get my canonball 
hjumpik goes to jump toad lee grabs him and pulls him out 
i didnt know you were that strong 
its thanks to my training toad lee says 
he points look at that room s a large number of alarmingly huge mushrooms visible recoil from the light that spills in. This coat room barely functions as storage thanks to the strange growth within it, and given time, it may be overtaken entirely.
im not even immune to these mushroom effects 
dang i thought mushrooms were resistant to other mushrooms
you thought wrong sir 
a satyr walks out a nearby room
toad lee shouts after him runs towards the saytr and grabs him as he is about to drink 
he drops a strange mushroom 
toad lee seess a odd mushroom sorry satr we need to talk to you and its important 
hjumpik runs says what are you doing toa dlee 
what are you doing satry 
i was partying and wanted a better view 
he says just wants another mushroom he bites toad lee who blocks it with a shield 
hjumpik picks up his warhammer no troubble here 
he notices rakasha and waluigi walking away during the hallway 
toad lee let him go if he wants to jump off thats on him 
the guy grabs the mushroom and falls hjumpik watches stoic expression
11 AM  
hjumpik what year it is she says  87F
what month Faystyl
he realizes its a diffrent calendar 
what month is that 
hmm uhh the magic is very strong this month 
prime magic month very little entropy 
she offers him to see the master bedroom 
These chambers, meant for the master of the manor are at once lordly and wild. A giant flower has been coaxed into the shape of a bed, with numerous smaller flowers nearby glowing to bathe it in light.

Sitting chairs, once fit for nobility, now show the wear of decades of use. Coiling vines as thick around as a person's wrist or leg have grown here, crawling up walls, framing seats, and supporting old furniture no long fit to stand on its own.

Despite the wildness of this place there is a certain primal comfort about it.

this place is nice hjumpik says he is alone with toad lee 
toad lee reads it outloud 
Entry dated Faystyl 22
She walks the halls again—Aurelian, crowned in living ivy, smiling as if the Revel never ends. But her eyes are tired. The satyrs arrived like locusts; they drink the wine cellars dry and sing bawdy songs to the moonless sky. I told her to send them away. She laughed, said the party must continue until the planes align. "Three manors, three lords, three threads," she whispered. "Cut one, and the tapestry unravels." I do not like the sound of that. The giant flower bed blooms brighter each night. It whispers to her in her sleep. 
Entry dated Prime Moonrise (no day given—ink blotched)
The fog-elf came again, drifting through mirrors like smoke. Usk, he called himself once. He speaks of betrayal: fingers severed, a blade in the dark, a three-eyed mage in purple robes. His anger is cold fire. I offered him rest among the roots, but he refuses. "Not until the grafting is undone," he says. The vines listen when he speaks; they tighten when he names the betrayer. I fear he will become part of the manor soon—another shadow caught in the weave.
Entry dated Faystyl 15, Year 722 of the Eternal Bloom
The grafting succeeded beyond dreams. The egg screamed as the blade bit deep—such a pure, piercing note, like winter wind through crystal. Orange robes stained crimson now, but the bond holds. The Legion observers nodded approval; their iron hearts warmed, briefly, by the promise of control. I watched from the branches. The child will be strong, heir to both vine and scale. But something in the scream lingers... a hunger not yet named. I fear the balance tips toward entropy already.
toad lee says ehh just background lore 
hjumpik says this does relate to what happen i remember that egg 
toad lee says i only heard of one but never seen one 
one final thing he said the legion right?
arent we fihgint against them 
hjumpik sees a hitch in the rug and rolls it up 
sees a 
The party must breach Darius' Planar Sanctum by repairing the damaged magic circle in the Ruined Manor.

Characters Involved
This quest does not involve any NPCs in the adventure directly.

Next Step
Once the party repairs the doorway to Darius' Planar Sanctum they will be able to enter and explore it, and potentially bring about an endgame scenario.

Running the Quest
This quest has four steps that are laid out below, unlike most other quests there are no special or variable endings, the steps must be done in order, and results in the same outcome: The ability to breach Darius' planar sanctum using the circle located in the master bedroom of the Ruined Manor.

The reason why the party is doing this may vary. It could be at the request of Sylvaria as part of the Quest: Material Possessions, or it could be at the request of Kryn as part of the Quest: Patricide. Or… it could be because the party has some other ending in mind, such as sacrificing the planar manors to repair the ruined one, or permanently imprisoning one or both of the Corvinarus children in their manors.

Discovering the Circles
The circle was originally created as a means for Darius to access his Planar Sanctum. When the house was split, the primary circle was split with it, and fragments of it remain in each manor. Players may stumble onto these fragments at any time they have the opportunity to adequately search the rooms that contain them.

One circle fragment is contained in the Feyward F21. Master Bedroom and the other in the Shadeward S21. Master Bedroom. There are investigation boxes for both circles in those rooms which detail the skill checks necessary to uncover them.

Alternatively, player characters will be told about these circles if they have agreed to assist Sylvaria or Kryn in their respective endgame quests mentioned above.

Outcome: The party is able to begin studying the circles.

Studying the Circles
In order to restore the primary circle in the Ruined Manor, the party will need to study the fragments that remain in the Manor's planar variations. The locations of these circles are documented immediately above.

Studying the circle and copying down all of its features takes 4 hours of work by a creature proficient in Arcana. This work can be divided up among multiple people, but there is only enough room for four people to crowd around the magic circle's markings. All characters working on transcribing the circle's design must have a writing implement and a book or spell book to work in.

Depending on the situation, the people working on the circle might not be welcome or allowed in space containing the circle (be it the Feyward or Shadeward estate), and as such run the risk of being discovered based on guard and staff patrols or manor schedules of other house occupants.

If discovered, the NPCs will react accordingly to intruders being where they shouldn't be. This usually involves a medium-to-large approval loss and physical ejection from the bedroom and lord's chambers, followed by heightened scrutiny of their actions for a time afterward.

Outcome: Once the party has sufficiently studied both the Feyward circle and the Shadeward circle fragments, they are ready to begin repairing the primary circle in the Ruined manor.

Repairing the Circles
Restoring the circle of magic in the ruined manor to working order requires a character proficient in Arcana to first have the following:

A studied copy of all the missing pieces of the circle (see Studying the Circles).

Sufficient materials necessary to repair the circles, which will require gathering and then creating the repair materials.

Restoring the power that became unfettered at the breaking of the circle.

Identifying the Ritual Materials
The party must determine the nature of the materials used in the creation of the magic circles by studying any of the existing circle fragments.

This requires an alchemist's kit and 4 hours of work by someone proficient in the toolkit and also proficient with Arcana or being helped by someone proficient in Arcana. Once the analysis is complete they will have concluded that the medium used to inscribe the circles is a ritually-prepared compound of bone, ash, chalk and iron, first powdered and then made into a paste to serve as a paint for the circle.

Preparing the Ritual Materials
The ritual paint requires the following key ingredients:

Several pounds of bone (it doesn’t matter from what),

Twice as much freshly cut live wood as the amount of bone used

A block of incense

Iron dust (at least one pound)

Chalk powder (at least one pound)

The ritual requires combining the bone, freshly cut wood, and incense and burning them together until they have been reduced to ash. The ash is then gathered and combined with the chalk and iron dust.

All of the ingredients can be gathered in or around the estate Grounds. Tress can be cut down, bones can be exhumed (or extracted from fallen enemies, if the party feels particularly gruesome), and iron dust can be found in the wake of the rust monsters in the greenhouse and the kitchen, or by feeding them fresh metal.

The whole process takes 8 hours from start to finish but does not require any special skills. However, the party can reduce this work time by 4 hours if they have the following proficiencies in the party: Alchemist's Supplies, Nature, Survival, and Athletics.

If the party has some of these but not all four, they can reduce the time by 2 hours instead.
time is 12 22 30 

toad lee notices a framed image he removes the thorns hjumpik says ooooh okay thats the image i saw in my vision 
the day the bloodline split orangus corvinerus and a dragon 
hjumpik said wait a minuet did they become one together?
hjumpik asks Aurelian Corvinarus you know anything about it 
she says not really as he picks up the diary toad lee previously read  
did your bloodline elope with a dragon 
eww we have fairy wings not dragon 
toad lee says by dragon you mean the gaint dragonfly upstairs 
shes says no that giant dragonfly is a pest i want it removed 
arent you more powerful 
yeah well im just a delacate fairy 
toad lee here fiddling to the door to the left 
whats this magic hjumpik asks 
im constructing it 
i thought you said it was finished  so you lied to us 
well at least im starting now 
how long should this take 
4 days 
thats the night before the fith night 
toad lee recognizes the voice and says no 
he says for the sake of entertainment ill open the door 
wario sholder bashes in as toadlee cuts into him he trips 
owww 
aww come on hjumpik says as wario falls and smuges the chalk Aurelian Corvinarus
toad lee says seems like a bone inside me was iching to fight something 
wario says you want something to fighitng there is a giant dragonfly upstairs we can fight together 
toad lee puts his hands on wario let hjumpik goo as he grabs his hand saying as a team 
fine 
gets up rubs chalk off his knees 
can you bring it to me my canonball hjumpik asks 
wario says i can sell you better chalk to Aurelian Corvinarus
hjumpik says its too powerfull and expensive as wario gets out a chalk box 
wario offers toad lee to fight the whole room of satrys 
wario pulls out a book reads through up hjumpik and toad lee looks 
Waluigi: 14,783 gold pieces for "partnership expenses" dating back to 1015 BF, plus interest compounded monthly at 15% (Waluigi disputes this entire debt and the two have nearly come to blows over it multiple times)

Captain Toad: 150 gold pieces for "rescue services" after Wario "found" him trapped in a collapsing ruin (Captain Toad claims Wario caused the collapse in the first place while looting, making the rescue fee ethically questionable)

Various Iron Legion Soldiers: Smaller debts of 10-50 gold pieces each for "lending" them supplies, gambling losses, or "protection fees" (extortion by another name)

"That Merchant in Toad Town": 2,000 gold pieces for an "investment opportunity" that the merchant insists was actually a con job (it was)

Bowser: 50,000 gold pieces for "storage fees" related to keeping some of Bowser's treasure safe during a battle (Wario stole half of it and is now charging Bowser to return the other half)

FNG Remi: 75 gold pieces for the healing potion provided after the bomb-in-a-box incident, plus 25 gold "recruitment processing fee" (she hasn't paid and Wario brings it up constantly)

Numerous entries simply listed as "That Guy": Various amounts, suggesting Wario doesn't always remember who owes him money but writes it down anyway in case he figures it out later
hjumpik asks about bowser wario says there accoiates 
hjumpik asks to see warios abilities 
wario punches him than sholder bashes 
wario pov:
You slide the brass knuckles onto your fingers with practiced ease—they fit perfectly, worn smooth in exactly the spots where your knuckles rest. You make a fist, feeling the reassuring weight of metal reinforcing your punch, then test the air with a few shadow-boxing jabs. The "W" letters on each knuckle catch the light. "Alright," you say with a grin that promises violence. "Let's talk business. And by business, I mean you're gonna pay what you owe, or I'm gonna rearrange your face until you WANT to pay." You crack your knuckles menacingly—the sound is much louder with brass reinforcement.
i respect it but the warhammer 
are you going to heal me by the way 
huh when did i say that 
okay okay drink the wine i gave you, you will feel better 
remember what i told you he says as he leaves  through the balcaony ill fight whenever you want 
hjumpik says scammed again 
they shortrest 
17:15:18\
hjumpik here a thumb outside toad lee is asleep in the flowerbed 
he sees wario cluching his leg 
whats the box you got there 
wario pov 
A present box wrapped in festive paper with an elaborate bow. It's surprisingly heavy for its size, and you can hear something faintly ticking inside. The wrapping job is actually quite nice—someone put effort into making this look appealing, which makes the suspicious weight and ticking sound all the more concerning.
its a present for that winged creature up there 
i wrapped it up myself 
you going to give it to it 
how will it react 
it will look at it and will be obliterated 
well the structure of this place might not hold up 
is that a bomb 
what no no id never do a bomb 
dude this isnt your mansion 
your going to kill it just for money 
why dont you just go invisble 
can you hold off on that 
he sees wario 
wario pov 
You pull out the broken coin press and examine the cracked die with a mixture of nostalgia and frustration. This press made you SO much money before it broke. Literally made you money—fake money, but money that spent exactly like real money until someone checked too carefully. You run your thumb over the crack in the die, remembering the SNAP sound when it failed, the way the mechanism seized up, how close you came to losing your hand. "Should get this fixed," you mutter, not for the first time. "Could make SO much money if this worked again." You tuck it back into your bag, telling yourself you'll find a blacksmith next week. You've been telling yourself that for six years.
so you do counterfit stuff 
you didnt heal me or give me the canon ball but im not going to care what you do as long as you dont mess with me 
hjumpik says shouldnt we take care of the satrys first the gold isnt going to go anywhere 
26th higsun 
wario 18 ft climbing up 
hjumpik says wait i can help you 
ill be back when its dead wario says 
18 53 24 Soldas 26 higsun 1040 faeward team 
15 39 harvestide 29 
satyr blocks path drinking the bussiness will come out of you once you take a swig 
you got elvish ale 
no 
we got guests coming any people came tinheads 
iron legion? 
yeah 
i want these saytrs out aurelian wispers 
Lady Aurelian Corvinarus shouldnt we check on wario first if he blows up wont it cause problems  hjumpik says back 
toad lee says lets tell truth 
saytr jumps on table starts sining 
   (Verse 1)
    Oh, have you seen them in the street?
    A hundred sets of iron feet!
    They clank-clank-clank in perfect time,
    To prosecute some pointless crime!
    Their backs are straight, their faces sour,
    They haven't cracked a smile in an hour!
    They eat their rations, hard and dry,
    And watch us with a judging eye!

    (Chorus)
    Oh, the Iron Legion's got two left feet!
as they sing hjumpik and toad lee start dancing with them to slip by one grabs him by the table 
    Oh, the Iron Legion's got two left feet!
    Their marching orders can't be beat!
iron legion is okay hjumpik 
toad lee says theyll be reduced to dust walls broken down and shattered 
hjumpik says ironheads are cool 
he spots arulean that just walked around and sees an alterative way they could have exited 
    They'll form a line and hold a square,
    But they can't dance, so we don't care!
    They'll write reports and file their claims,
    While we're all playing drinking games!
    So let them clank and let them rust!
they head upstairs 
9:16 AM 
they head upstairs steely the dog hjumpik named that really is remis comes running out barking says steely what are you doingn 
hjumpik looks down hall 
see 
These small, cramped rooms appear to be intended for the servants of the manor. At first glance it appears that are still being used for this purpose, but a great many of them have been severely damaged, limiting how many rooms are truly available.

The little space available has been arranged to hold bunk beds and hammocks to fit multiple inhabitants at once. The encroaching vines and roots of outside plant life makes these spaces even more cramped goblin staff giving house gaurd a foot massage 
hjumpik says shhh a steam comes out off the dogs ears as its steam powered it sounds like tea is brewing buzzing sound 
toad lee says your being drematic to be quiet the dragonfly is too big too fit through the door 
This long, dark hallway seems to be a forgotten space, serving only to connect the staircase to the rest of the attic. The door in the middle opens up to the Solarium, as evidenced by the creeping vines and moss from under the door. Cobwebs line the hallway corners and there is a musty smell in the air.
toad lee searches for a spot sees something he can break through he breaks the wall 
The peeling wallpaper all ends in a sudden straight line before continuing - the sure signs of a hidden passage. Seeking a hidden latch, you find the release which opens the door into a thin, dusty hallway.

This hidden hall exits into F30. The Solarium and F26b. The East Hall
hjumpik says you see steely i told you there was secerits you keep make noise he mimics smoke or you run he mimics running 
 they spot wario fighting the bamberfly 
(Wario dusts off his overalls, slips on his "W" brass knuckles, and strikes a pose)
"WAH HA HA! You chumps down there can play with your ghosts and your history books! I’m here for the real lore! The gold kind!"
warui charges at him charges hits him with knuckples 
He spots piles of silver and loot. "Look at all this silver! Look at all this loot! I’m gonna buy a castle and a brand-new yellow suit!" Kicking a humanoid bone aside, he snarls, "Move over, dead guy, you don’t need the cash! Here comes the master of the Wario bash!"
Suddenly, the massive Bramblefly descends, its wings roaring like a hurricane. It dives in with an Air Strike! Wario dodges perfectly with a greasy combat roll, stuffing a golden candlestick into his pocket mid-roll. "What's that racket? Ah, the overgrown mosquito! Swooping with a stinger like a giant magic spear! Got a million faceted eyes, but you’re blind to who is here! You think an 'Air Strike' scares a guy with knuckles made of brass? I’ll shoulder-bash your thorax and I'll knock you on your— glass!"
The Bramblefly fires a flying tail spine, but Wario punches it away with a loud CLANG. "Watch the merchandise, you buzzing freak! These rubies are antique!"
Reaching into his chaotic bag of holding, Wario pulls out a beautifully wrapped, festively bowed present box—ticking loudly. "You want a piece of me? I brought a little gift! Wrapped it up myself, give the ribbon a little lift! Tick-tock, tick-tock, hear that festive sound?
hjumpik reveals himself i told you we can figure it out without explosions not everything needs the wario touch 
wario picks his nose says he doesn't care toad lee says lets set the room on fire instead  
hjumpik throws a hand axe at the present 
The gift tumbles to the floor between him and the Bramblefly... and keeps ticking. Wario freezes, eyes wide. "WAH? No no no—!" BOOOOOM! The explosion engulfs Wario (and probably singes the party too), blasting him backward through the already-weakened Solarium floor. He plummets screaming "WAAAAAHHHH!" while the Bramblefly gets caught in the blast radius anyway and crashes in a smoking heap. Wario survives the fall (because he's Wario), lands in a pile of treasure downstairs, and immediately starts scooping it up while bruised and smoking. "Still... worth it! WAH HA HA!"
the bamberfly still flies unharmed 
hjumpik barley doges the blast radius from collapsing he dashes out grabs toad lee says lets go as he grabs some scattered gold on the floor  he hears the dog making noises 
hjumpik sees steely being taken away be gaurds 
toad lee says he is losing faith in hjumpik 
toad lee says the only thing your good at is fighting 
rakasha appears 
Sir, I’ve checked the stars, I’ve checked the moon
I’ve checked the way the flowers bloom
The dates don’t match, the ink is wet
We’re in a time we haven’t happened yet!
It’s "Faystyl" here, year Seven-Two-Two—
The logic’s gone, the math is blue!
she walks away 
wait hjumpik calls out
toad lee says isn't that remis dog 
who is remi hjumpik asks 
raksha flirts with hjumpik says she is drunk 
hjumpik says your acting weird again 
toad lee heads off on his own looking for the dog 
Not much is left of this room. The floorboards have rotted away in places, revealing a steep drop down to the library gangways a floor below. For the less fortunate, there is a drop all the way down to the first floor.
he explores the west wing 
This must have been a servant's common room at some point, but it has been rendered uninhabitable.
steps out before he falls 
finds abandon rooms broken flooring ect 
he spots lotion and feet pads in the room they were massaging in its empty now 
looks down from window see gaurds walking iron legion maybe?
toad lee knocks on another door 
OCCUPIED 
have you seen a dog 
a dog 
yes a dog 
you mean the steel thing yeah we took it in for parts 
execuse me 
well its all woods here 
toad lee barges in seeing the servant on the toilet 
he says if you dont have the dog were is it 
he says there in the other room across the hall he is very embarssed 
toad lee says alirght sorry for intruding go back to your pooping 
he barges into the room asks guy to let go of the dog he swings at it 
okay the battle insuses 
2 44 is time 
HJUMPIK TOAD LEE SHOUTS 
rakasha says oh were going to another play as hjumpik drags her off 
you got to stop drinking hjumpik says as he drags her off 
toad lee tries to push the gaurd to the side away from the dog 
he does but the dog is still being held by the servant 
wait what i did not see that guy 
the dog bites his hands the servant lets goo toad lee grabs the dog 

goblin runs away on the roof top 
the other gaurd chases dog the cornor of the room 
gaurd says swapped bodies with toad lee hjumpik knows hes lying trying to get himj to ally with hjumpik 
hjumpik dosent belive him he gets sliced with a knife from the goblin 
rakashas hand shakes it turns blue and a mystic ghost hand forms from it she says one touch will affect him 
turn him to confetti hjumpik asks 
rakasha says i dont think melting would do that 
hjumpik says no killing rakasha is too drunk to listen 
toad lee says please hand over the dog we wont hurt you 
you talk too much he says 
toad lee says your to arragont for your own good 
toad lee blocks his longsword it is stuck in his shield 
hjumpik says you stabbed me takes out his moring glory your the lucky first guy to try this on 
he stabs him in the guy says well anyway dont worry i wont kill ya as the golbin is uncouses bleeding out 
the gaurd picks up the toad lees sheild with his longsword says thanks for the shield 
toad lee jumps over to get behind him and falls 
did you mean to do that hjumpik says 
down goes the toad i guess
...
rakashas hand is revealed she is grabbing him by the ledge she pulls him up 
toad lee says he is not okay i am trying to save the dog lost my shield startegy failed 
rakasha drags him into another door 
you can pull me away but not out of the fight 
we need to get the dog back hjumpik says hes our dog  whhy do you want him anyway 
for steel notice the faewild its all wood at natural we need something better to advance to the guilded age out of the fae age 
hjumpik says your better off below he uses his warhammer to push him the gaurd pushes the warhmamer forward hjumpik and him goes flying into a neraby beam 
raksha rushes over stepping on the uncosuse staff sqyush she grabs the dog and runs out with another squish 
the gaurd slashes at hjumpik and his longsword gets stuck in hjumpiks shield 
hjumpik says again as he smacks the shield with his warhammer out of his hand with this axe
it falls next to him 
whoops hjumpik says 
toad lee says no worries are we killing this guy 
📅 A New Day Dawns
28 Highsun, 1040
Jovias — ☀️ Golden Summer
🌤️ Partly Cloudy, 26°C
toad loses his handaxe throws another one he stumbles but holds his ground 
hjumpik says we dont have to fight 
the gaurd says you killed my friend 
he stapped first gaurd sasys 
bygones be bygones hjumpik lowers his weapon i respect your hustle no need for anyone to tie 
fine he accepts truth 
dont you tell anyone about this fight 
whats your name good sir 
4dbI5mx - Goblin 
Gregory
toad lee tries to loot the goblin gaurd 
gregory readys his weapon 
disrepecting the dead?
toad lee can't tell if he is actually dead 
hjumpik deesclates they evnatlly leave toad lee loots the body while noone looks
hjumpik jumps down to second floor to retreave the shield 
Aurelean Convinarus says they require  Bone, Ash, Chalk, Iron
hjumpik says he dosent want to give up the dog 
she says fine 
hjumpik rests the day ends 5:45
#
hjumpik decides its time to check who came to the front of the manor they prepare to leave aureleans room 
toad lee loses hjumpik he says hes a hunter he blends in as he flexs his hammer toad lee wishes he had a more intresting back story 
aurelean fluffes her pillows 
toad lee says he has a clan disfunuctional when hjumpik asks he says maybe the toads the belive in me 
hjumpik says oh he is a part of a clan toad lee says focus on what we can do 
areulean sits on her flower bed says she fluffed up the cuson if you still want them its only 5 30 
hjumpik and toad lee decline 
hujmpik picks up steely says lets go steely 
they head past satyrs they offer party drinks both decline they reach downstairs listen in on people entering 
Humpik—oh, the dwarf with the “hero’s stride,”
Swinging that hammer like it’s three sizes wide.
Toad Lee, ax too tall,
Trip once more and you’ll dig your own crawl.
were not here for them we are here for her 
they leave 
toad lee describes them before they leave 
solider iron armor semi regular man full beard middle aged long sword and crossbow holding map couldnt tell if there legion \
toad lee says either iron legion or mages guild 
hjumpik points at he front door says we have to find the canon ball for iron 
they head to the middle of the manor 
hjumpik sees wario 
toad lee sees a gaurd reaching for himself 
he introudces himself as garden finger 
toad lee sees the canonball shouts HEY WE FOUND THE CANONBALL 
the gaurd says shh people will here you 
hjumpik sees wario sholder bash two people they fall and shove against the wall 
he calls him over wanting to buy something 
hjumpik asks for iron items also asks if guys he bashed are okay they might be dead 
there money ill check the pockets later? oh yeah i should check, its bad for bussiness.
hjumpik asks for a discount
wario says 2% ontop of delivery fee 
hjumpik shops for items 
finds out his membership alreadyh has a 2% discount 
hjumpik says scamming me again come on man 
wario says he is debt collecting not money collecting 
what about intrest 
intrest builds up but gold dosent they dont pay anymore 
the prices have gotten to high for even them ive been giving them discounts when they pay its sad 
he says look at this as he hands hjumpik a book 
Uncommon Item. A thick leather-bound ledger where Wario meticulously records every debt owed to him, no matter how small or how dubious the original transaction. The book is organized chronologically and by debtor, written in Wario's barely-legible handwriting with occasional crude drawings of the people who owe him money (usually unflattering caricatures emphasizing their most embarrassing features).

The ledger contains hundreds of entries spanning decades of "business transactions," including:

Waluigi: 14,783 gold pieces for "partnership expenses" dating back to 1015 BF, plus interest compounded monthly at 15% (Waluigi disputes this entire debt and the two have nearly come to blows over it multiple times)

Captain Toad: 150 gold pieces for "rescue services" after Wario "found" him trapped in a collapsing ruin (Captain Toad claims Wario caused the collapse in the first place while looting, making the rescue fee ethically questionable)

Various Iron Legion Soldiers: Smaller debts of 10-50 gold pieces each for "lending" them supplies, gambling losses, or "protection fees" (extortion by another name)

"That Merchant in Toad Town": 2,000 gold pieces for an "investment opportunity" that the merchant insists was actually a con job (it was)

Bowser: 50,000 gold pieces for "storage fees" related to keeping some of Bowser's treasure safe during a battle (Wario stole half of it and is now charging Bowser to return the other half)

FNG Remi: 75 gold pieces for the healing potion provided after the bomb-in-a-box incident, plus 25 gold "recruitment processing fee" (she hasn't paid and Wario brings it up constantly)

Numerous entries simply listed as "That Guy": Various amounts, suggesting Wario doesn't always remember who owes him money but writes it down anyway in case he figures it out later

Each entry includes the original amount, date, reason for the debt, current amount with interest, and increasingly threatening notes about collection attempts. Recent entries have evolved from "polite reminders" to "SERIOUSLY PAY UP" to detailed descriptions of what Wario plans to repossess if payment isn't received (usually wildly disproportionate to the actual debt).

The ledger also contains a section titled "People Who Owe Wario Favors (Non-Monetary)," which includes things like "Wally - 1 free emergency extraction (redeemable any time)", "That Fence in Darklands - Will look the other way once", and "Vampire from Raventree - Said 'I owe you one' after I didn't stake him (COLLECT THIS!!!)"

Wario treats this ledger as sacred scripture. He updates it religiously, cross-references entries obsessively, and has multiple backup copies hidden in different safehouses. Losing this book would be financially catastrophic—he'd lose track of thousands of gold pieces in outstanding debts, favors owed, and blackmail leverage. It's one of the few items he would actually risk his life to recover if stolen.

The ledger's mere existence has legal implications: possession of it could be used as evidence of extortion, fraud, illegal gambling, unlicensed lending, and numerous other crimes across multiple jurisdictions. Wario is aware of this but considers the risk acceptable because "keeping track of who owes you money is just good business sense, WAH HA HA!"
remi owes you 
yeah 75 gold 
since when 
since she drak that potion that vampire gave her 
your killing that waluigi guy 
shouldve done 16% 
thats alot of intrest
hjumpik says he dosent understand but i dont like the intrest stuff 
toad lee and the gaurd both heeve the shrooms bloom out a toxin causing toad lee to feel like he has no face and the gaurd collapses to the floor 
toad lee remains calm he is faceless 
they both failed to free canonball
hjumpik asks wario for ash 
i can light a cigar give me a few minuets 
its okay 
toad lee look at wario sees him 
POV 
You pull a garlic clove from one of your many pockets—you're not even sure which pocket anymore, you have garlic everywhere—and pop it into your mouth with evident satisfaction. The crunch is audible across the battlefield, and the pungent aroma that erupts from your mouth is genuinely weaponized. Anyone within ten feet visibly recoils, eyes watering. "What?" you ask through a mouthful of raw garlic, genuinely confused by their reaction. "It's good for you! Builds character!"
toad lee cant tell if wario is scamming him 
he spends an hour going through warios infinite gallary notices shipping prices the higher ones take longer 
people usually dont listen its another scam 
5-9 days i wont be here for that long shipping 
were will you be 
probably not here probably normal place 
asks for monty mole shipping 
do you want me to ship to the airship you guys were on 
uhhh toad lee will we be on the airship in 5 10 days 
uhh toad lee says yes but i dont think this airship in this plane is the same as ours 
alright send it to the airship 
wait would monty moles be good for a AIR SHIP 
send the fly guys 
alright 
the deal is finialized 
📅 A New Day Dawns
29 Highsun, 1040
Venerias — ☀️ Golden Summer
☁️ Overcast, 24°C
WARIO POV
You plunge your arm into the bag up to your shoulder, rummaging around with the confidence of someone who knows exactly where everything is despite the chaotic mess inside. There's a lot of clinking, something that might be cursed growling faintly, the smell of garlic and old cheese, and then you triumphantly pull out exactly what you needed. You don't bother closing the bag properly—you'll need it again in thirty seconds anyway.
he pulls out a fly guy toy walks into another room 
hjumpik says thanks 
wario dosent respond just goes through his bag 
toad lee is gone its been 4 hours the canonball is gone 
hjumpik asks toad lee wered you guy 
he looks aorund steely starts smoking from his spout going to hjumpiks face he swats it away 
hjumpik thinks it could be an emotional indicator 
tells steely look for toad lee 
hjumpik pats the steel machine as it paws at the wall a secerit passage unkown to them he goes to a  door 
We rolled into Raventree on a Tuesday, maybe Thursday,
The wine was already flowing and the grapes were getting hazy!
The lady said "one night only!" with a smile so very thin—
But we satyrs know a party when the party's letting *in*!
wait the lady 
(Verse 2)
Our leader—call me Ralos, call me Relis, call me "Pal"—
He raised his glass and shouted, "Now hear the satyr's call!
Why waste your days on worrying about some distant sorrow?
When the *now* is calling, calling, and tomorrow's only *borrowed*!"
she wants you to leave cant you go somewhere else 
The revel never ends! The revel never ends!
The glasses never empty and the night has got no friends!
We dance until we're breathless, we sing until we're hoarse—
This party's got no finish, it's the satyr's only course!
The revel never ends! The revel never ends!
The vines may pull us tighter but we'll drink until the trend's end!
So bring us another round, another tune, another rhyme—
We're satyrs on a bender and we're running out of *time*!
more satyrs apoprach hjumpik who are these guys 
im not trying to trash but there are better party to go around 
They want us to be quiet, they want us to be tame,
But a satyr without a party is a flower without flame!
We didn't ask to be born into a world so very grim—
We just ask for one more chorus, one more drink, one more *hymn*!
come on guys you can go somewere else 
theres a man eating monster here hjumpik says 
(Chorus - Bigger, with satyrs stomping feet)
THE REVEL NEVER ENDS! THE REVEL NEVER ENDS!
The floors may crack beneath us and the walls may start to bend!
But we'll keep this party going till the very last guest falls—
And if that means drinking forever, then we'll answer duty's calls!
THE REVEL NEVER ENDS! THE REVEL NEVER ENDS!
The lady can keep her manor, her vines, and her commands!
But we've got the music in our hearts and the wine in our hands—
And a satyr's revel never ends in a far-off fairyland!
he offers hjumpik a drink 
hjumpik says how about this you guys are outnumbering me i can respect that but at the very least can you go somewhere else 
come on it wouldnt be too pleast if you died 
let me show you what happens when you die why the reveal really never ends 
hjumpik repicks up steely ad follows him he shows the revel tells steely to be careufl 
they enter the revels dais 
The staff room adjoining the banquet hall is in bad condition. It is filthy, with broken furniture and garbage strewn everywhere. The stench is overwhelming.

At some point the rubble and ruined furniture was shoddily assembled into a great wooden dais with a makeshift throne of stained and damaged furniture jumbled together like a nest.

This strange being is an amalgamation of mouths and limbs, a horrific avatar of gluttony and debauchery. It is an ephemeral red haze that lingers in the air, roiling and undulating in horrible fashion.

Staring at for more than a moment stirs a horrible, unnatural hunger in the pit of one's stomach, and reveals a chaos of motion in its ephemeral form — a sea of half-formed images: Hands grasping flesh, claws slitting throats, fanged mouths gnawing through its own muscle and sinew, or crying out in ecstasy in response.

It is has no true beginning or end, it is The Revel.


are you the revel master hjumpik asks 
yes it was my idea a bar game a drunk game seems like it ended overboard 
how did you make this thing 
bodies kept piling up so we....
...
if anyone dies we just put him in 
... 
we?
maybe ralos 
are you ralos and relis at the same time 
maybe i dont know 
who are you 
the revealmaster the leader your pal your friend 
listen i dont have a problem wityh you but the woman does this is kinda weird that man eating mosnter 
ill be whoever you want ralos relis rayolos or whatever 
he is called over by someone come over here ralis 
he goes over to people and after a bit forgets about hjumpik chugs beer the thorws up
hjumpik calls over ralo- relis come over here remebmer me  
no were you the dwarf 
he says oh you were the ones the legion was talking about he points to his head starts sining 
    Oh, have you seen them in the street?
    A hundred sets of iron feet!
    They clank-clank-clank in perfect time,
    To prosecute some pointless crime!
    Their backs are straight, their faces sour,
    They haven't cracked a smile in an hour!
    They eat their rations, hard and dry,
    And watch us with a judging eye!
why are people dying 
drinking too much 
isnt that bad wont the party end 
well the revael never ends so the party dosent eather 
    In Raventree Manor, strange and old,
    A story's waiting to be told!
    'Bout a dwarf, a toad, and a purple lad,
    The finest friends a fool ever had!
    They found a room of thorn and vine,
    Protecting something old and fine,
    The dwarf, he swung his hammer great,
    And got pulled right on through the gate!
wait how do you know that 
    The vines they grabbed his weapon tight,
    And yanked him in with all their might!
    His friends they grabbed him by the boots,
    And fought against the thorny roots!
    They swung him 'round and let him fly,
    A dwarfish comet through the sky!
    He landed safe, without a scratch,
    A plan, it seems, they had to hatch!
ive been wokring on it since it happen 
are you everywhere like the legion 
what no i have two eyes 
there seems more than the eye can see 
a giant explosion VERY LARGE BLAST IS HEARD 
in another room 
hjumpik quickly goes down as relos relizes the keg is beer empty 
# 3/27/26
toad lee still cant feel his face he braves through it lifts it up puts it on his shoulder like its nothing 
they have obtained the canon ball from the mushroom infected room 
the gaurd still rolls aorund itching himself 
toad lee asks geeze what does the mushrooms do 
THE DEVIL BY WRECHED HAND DO NOT GO IN THERE HE SAYS HE GRABS THE DOOR AND LOCKS IT DONT EVER GO IN THERE AGAIN THOSE EVIL SHROOMS 
gaurd calms down tells toad lee to come with him 
he is tired and out of breath 
they walk he asks for formalities 
i am dyanos servant of Chirneros, Lord-champion of Fey and you? 
im toad lee a toad from the doughnut wolrd 
he says never heard of it introduce toad lee to his personal gallary opens door 
The whole of this space is bathed in warm light, and gauzy curtains readily let light in while keeping prying eyes from seeing more than they should be allowed.

Numerous cases are collected along the walls and lining the carpet, each filled all manner of weird and wonderful items.

The most striking feature of this room however, is the towering mirror along the southeast wall, flanked by a pair of beautiful dryad statues. It appears to be reflecting the room but at night, and is so convincing that the mirror seems to drink up the light around it.

a lot of magic toad lee murmurs 
he says its the masters gallary 
toad lee says this room is impressive but i cant use magic 
he looks around the room points out statues in a caste min istatues 
green red blue 
toad lee says what are they 
he says what do YOU think they are 
green red and blue are for the seasons?
no 
green -  Survival, Adaptation, the Ones Who Endure
red - Violence, Consequence, Irreversibility
blue  - Control, cold, Memory
toad lee asks are they aniechent 
hmm well these three were here long ago a time before the party 
hmm if i touch these will i become magical 
no what do you think were in a fnatacy? 
here observe one yourself he hands him a crystal frog purple this time not from the case 
he notices says thats not one of them 
well its itnresting you gravaited twoards my crystal frogs considering you are one 
in a way yeah 
he says he is going to rest tells toad lee if you ened anything go find me 
he enters the bath house 
This room is packed with strange flowers, ferns, and creeping vines which have crawled up the walls and now dangle from the ceiling like streamers. More than that it is uncharacteristically warm and humid in here, more so than anywhere else in the manor.

A broad pool of water reflects light from numerous wall-length windows covered by gauzy curtains only good at keeping prying eyes at bay. A two-tiered waterfall fountain spills water into the basin, filling the room with an enjoyable sound flowing water.

toad lee follows in also wants a bath he gets towels 
they begin relaxing 
take off there armor and are in robes 
so what is the dounghout world 
its a dounghout world were i come from but there are many diffrent races there its not overflowing with magic like here 
toad lee asks how long he was a gaurd 
15 years
next question if there is anyway to get money to him 
yeah you can work for us 
hey uh the leaves are moving toad lee says is it a bat 
a monster jumps out 
The massive leaf pile shakes, as if from a strong gust of unseen wind. An arm of plant life emerges, dirt shaking off of it, capped with dangerous looking talons. The rest of the body follows, until the abomination of a plant is fully upright, ready to put you in the ground instead.
toad lee grabs armor but 
it tackels and engulfs toad lee 
the gaurd grabs his armor and stabs the mosnter 
toad lee tries to damage it from the inside and misses 
the gaurd runs out to get help 
toad lee is in the monsters sotmach 
toad lee bursts out of it flies across the room it bangs on the door he runs out of the gallary says dynos what was that 
he said i don't know what should we do 
toad lee dosent buy it says im pretty beaten up can't help out right now i cant kill that thing 
he cries as toad lee heres an explosion south of the manor he decides to get a drink  
they head to the bar 
him and dynos he dosent trust dynos bartender offers him a drink fey brandy says the whole bar is paid for someone bought everything all beer 
toad lee decides to rest 
hjumpik pushes bast feys as they offer them drinks 
hjumpik pushes one into a keg it falls people slurp it from the floor 
hjumpik heads to room he heard explosion door is locked 
why dont you eat some pig ill give you the key 
hjumpik offers arm resitiling competition instead 
a beer is drooped into hjumpiks bag he notices he asks why did you drop it 
he realizes the guy never showed him a key 
the other guy says hell go get it he bashes the door open 
he basehs the door open sees a bunch of dead peopl eare there
Sergeant Varn Coldbrook and waluigi is there said are you hjumpik 
oh, the dwarf with the “hero’s stride,”
Swinging that hammer like it’s three sizes wide.
Marching after Bowser like a lost parade—
waluigi said he attack him coldbrook said 
Someone told me to tell you loyalty doesn’t make a blade.
oh your friends should be he shortly toad lee enter 
Aww, little Toad Lee, ax too tall,
Trip once more and you’ll dig your own crawl.
so has 
Toadburt vanished or fled?
i dont know i havent seen him in a while 
Hard to tell when courage’s hanging by a thread.
so do you mind moving aside toad lee i need to report back to my unit can you please move toad lee all my squad is dead by the purple one 
he introduces himself says he is on a mission right now 
alright but if he attacked me that must mean your not a friend 
all his squad is dead everyone but him  he looks unharmed eager notices but dosent say anything 
mages guild toad lee asks 
well what im from is none of your bussiness i just need to know what i need to know 
hjumpik thinks maybe we can stop him 
hjumpik thinks how he was unharmed bad idea 
hjumpik asks about this manor how did you come here 
coldbrook says you know the revelmaster right 
yeah 
if you get rid of him you will be in the legions favor 
he levaes 
waluigi explains the sargent sent the gaurds after him and he did fireball destroying everyone 
he says he looted everyone gives hjumpik satyrs regret and toad lee a sealed envalope 
An elegant invitation printed on human skin vellum, inviting the holder to the Orange Heir's Banquet. The ink smells of rot. Waluigi stole this from a guest he knocked unconscious in the garden.
he reads the text out loud 
Text: 'The Rot is Ripe. The Time is Nigh. Come feed.' Waluigi uses it to pick his teeth.
waluigi takes the inviatation back 
hjumpik explains ralos relis rellis the revel master 
toadlee says he is a character 
the worst part is the giant monster he feeds dead satrys too 
maybe arulean corenalius is not aware of this 
feels as though she does not know this so were going to go tell her 
they head upstairs colbrook says sorry upstairs is closed they go aorund him he says 
he heads upstairs they spot a odd mushroom in his pocked 
a saytr offers hjumpik food he realizes it poison
he exmaines it , it seems to be a natrual posion it looks like some kind of alcholic subtesnse that is so powerful it will kill you 
wait do you know about the revel 
yes 
we'll keep this party going till the very last guest falls—
And if that means drinking forever, then we'll answer duty's calls!
toad lee is hung up on the fact they know about what were going to do 
they push trhough the crowd and enter oracles room 
the enter the orange heirs room Lady Aurelian Corvinarus room stuff is scattered everywhere silm iron key raventree signet ring book of revisted history aged paper 
hjumpik remembers they dont need any of the items for the ritual 
toad lee says we have important news to share with you there is a suspicious fellow who created a monster in the manor who will eat all the satrs present what do you want us to do about the monster detain him kill him 
hjumpik thinks how did she get raventree intrupts i dont think your doing your end of the deal missy we need BONES IRON and enough iron a couple other things this is not what is recquired to bring us back home 
a test run i am doing a ritual to rewrite history erase the satrys 
wouldnt that collapse the manor? 
maybe i guess i need you to talk to someone downstairs take these keys with you and meet with Saedia in her office she has immense magical pwoer she might be able to help you 
changing topic you know the revel master 
yeah 
we need advice how do we defaeat him 
well Saedia might be able to help you fight him i dont know if i should directly come out of my room im helping you guys too 
what we need is 
☐ Acquire Bone (Satyrs/Food?)
☐ Acquire Iron (Wario's cannonball?)
☐ Acquire Ash (Burned furniture?)
(done) Acquire Chalk (Wario's counterfeit supplies?) 
arulean asks maybe she should come try to convince the revelmaster herself 
both are not convinced toad lee think she is too weak hjumpik cant tell but would the heir to a presidges bloodline be this weak
they both decide to take her anyone 
📅 A New Day Dawns
5 Harvestide, 1040
Jovias — ☀️ Golden Summer
⛈️ Thunderstorm, 25°C
what the legion is here? where are they this all started when the party started whats going on 
they want the rvel master dead actually 
yeah but we dont know what there goal is what if they want to kill that guy but kill you next 
why does he want to kill him 
i dont know entropys present past future this manor is magical something about it hjumpik says failing to put it all together 
they see wario sorrund him ask for his rceipts waluigi sees wario they ruinite wario asks waluigi if he paid his debts yet wario  
were is my stuff wario hjumpik asks what stuff wario asks 
he gives him a recipt ill get it to you soon 
i need to make rounds shadeward 
wait how did you escape this place 
in the back there is a portal 
do you need anything to open it 
ill sell you the information for 800 gold 
i dont have the gold 
oh no that is horrible no infomraiton for you 
i took empathy classes wario says you are a very valued cusomer 
they leave wario to his devices as he leaves 
they all head downstairs and get ready for the battle 
they head into Seneschal's Office arulean unlocks it 
toad lee says he sees a dryaid and a room full of flowers 
she says entering my room univnited 
now now were not threatning you 
now now she walks up to toad lee puts her hand on his chin he pulls back now now whats your problem little toad 
its not often people visit you know espeically little toads like you 
it unage the papers 
Allow me to formally welcome you to the Raventree Estate. I am Saedia, Seneschal and Confidant of the Lady Arulean. As I understand it, you are hoping to provide some aid to the household in exchange for unaging papers. To begin 
deage? 
if you want to call it that
were derailing waluigi said 
i have three tasks at hand 

Two of our guests, some friends of mine, in fact, are both overdue—They're overdue, because they're busy shouting at eachother from opposite sides of the pond in the maze. I don't have the time or frankly, the patience, to go figure out what set them off this time. I had been hoping they would have dropped it and come inside by now but…it's been a day and they still haven't shown up.
See: Quest: Watery Impasse
hjumpik says there still arguing with each other what are there names 
Stuckina
whats the best way to stop them from arguging 
dont know find out what set them off at fit them out 
One of our housepets—an outdoor pet—has managed to wander inside since its keeper disappeared some time ago. I would very much appreciate someone escorting the thing outside.
We keep a shambling mound to dispose of our waste—It's become something of a mascot, a pet the residents enjoy. For a long time our former groundskeeper, Tymnas, kept it wrangled and out of our hair. Unfortunately, after his disappearance Shambly has just sort of…wandered wherever it likes. It's roamed the first floor for a while— it'll eat anything, you see—even staff if it can, or guests.
toad lee says he encountered it before 
how do we remove him?
dont kill it herd it out or dont kill it 
you have to keep in mind this is the prized mascot 
we might have to kill it its a ponetial problem toad lee says 
why dont you have it chase you again lead it outside in the flowers were it belongs 
See: Quest: Fowl Play
We are very accommodating to those who wish to visit, and we always welcome guests who are well-behaved especially…but a rather large group of visiting Satyrs have overtaken our audience get them out please 
we both understand 
it used to not be the revelmaster but he took it over 
how can i trust you will do these quests for me a dwarves promise hjumpik asks 
Saedia winds up a music box it starts playing music she says come back any time 
the quests are given she opnes a door they see shamblys chambers right ahead she points to a door 
hjumpik notices a goblin walking a way seemling listning the conversaiton a dead golbin is left behind 
aurelan checks the body its dead a satyr offers to pick it up hjumpik says hell feed it to the reveal 
aruelean agrees snaps her fingers the satr disapears 
what about the body 
another snap 
body is gone 
the music box still wirrs it turns 
5 harveside 1040 18:27
hjumpik says ready toad lee 
they hear scratching noises and things breaking in the other room 
toad lee descripbes its encournter its green when normal but when active it becomes a meansing dark puirple the monster in itself is buetful at the same time disrubing toad lee says 
yeah i get the just hjumpik brushes it off is he frinedly or not 
i dont know 
they ask sedeai 
they call him ol burley he eats things and grows shambles around outside there is small bugs not like you taods or dwarves it can feed on smaller things and not grow 
wait wont he grow by eating bugs 
but we cant keep him in our private chambers 
were in a pickle you dont want him to grow 
toad lee notices waluigi and aruelean were walking away he calls out to them were are you going 
oh we were going to see a play 
were all into this geother strengthens in numbers 
toad lee grabs waluigis hand and tugs him over Lady Aurelian Corvinarus grabs waluigis they head out together 
saedia comments remindes her of kindergarden 
toad lee says you want to fight 
she says how long do you want her to deage the tablets in 
would you care if we killed it hjumpik asks 
yes i dont but the revelmaster does well i sorta do its like a pet to me arulean and the revelmaster well it wasnt the revelmesers at first it was more like a preulde to it 
it was the revels predacessor im sure you can kill it well dont try to kill it im sure you can CONTAIN IT  youll lose reputation if its dead she says as she slams the door 
she closes the door 
arulean shows them her waepon describes the creature is made of stone 
A delicate folding fan of orange silk painted with shifting autumn scenes. The owner handles it with practiced grace, using gestures that seem to carry meaning beyond simple cooling. Something about watching the fan move makes it difficult to look away, difficult to think clearly, difficult to remember what you were going to say.
📅 A New Day Dawns
6 Harvestide, 1040
Venerias — ☀️ Golden Summer
🌤️ Partly Cloudy, 20°C
maybe you can go over there get his attention and run out and when he lunges we grab you and you can teleport back in 
teleport when could i teleport? 
i thought you could cant you defend yourself 
my gaurds defend me 
i havent seen any of them 
there drunk 
they talk about plan waluigi opts to sneak and peer into the room he trips and almost falls on carpet hjumpik atches him 
hjumpik opts to look through a window its too big only big enough for a toad to fit through they want to scout outside 
toad lee is scared 
they debate about toad lee dosent want to get in a fight ever from outside toad lee says by scout it out to you mean look outside or go downstairs to first 
through the window but only if you create a diversion 
toad lee jumps land safley in the bushes he heres voices
"than i said the rvel never ends" 
"I betcha we can take a shortcute to clean the bath house"
"oh really"
"yeah" 
they head towards toadlee 
hjumpik shows himself before they appear 
the goblin waiter sits on floor satyr beserker stands ontop of him 
now we can see eye to eye 
yes the revel never ends go back to the revelmaster hjumpik says 
they wink as they head towards the room toad lee tries to grab them as they head into the room 
hjumpuik says thats good theyll attack the monster hjumpik says plans changed 
toad lee heads into bushes he hears more walking 
arulean opens the door without touching it sealthfully 
This room is packed with strange flowers, ferns, and creeping vines which have crawled up the walls and now dangle from the ceiling like streamers. More than that it is uncharacteristically warm and humid in here, more so than anywhere else in the manor.

A broad pool of water reflects light from numerous wall-length windows covered by gauzy curtains only good at keeping prying eyes at bay. A two-tiered waterfall fountain spills water into the basin, filling the room with an enjoyable sound flowing water.

the two of them get umsic and intrsimentas out 
    Oh, have you seen them in the street?
    A hundred sets of iron feet!
    They clank-clank-clank in perfect time,
    To prosecute some pointless crime!
    Their backs are straight, their faces sour,
    They haven't cracked a smile in an hour!
    They eat their rations, hard and dry,
    And watch us with a judging eye!

    (Chorus)
    Oh, the Iron Legion's got two left feet!

they continue to sing as they clean 
hjumpik spot a out of place pink flopwer
the door closes
the flower moves 
hjumpik wispers to them hello are you in thgere 
yeah what do you need you need anything the 
door closes 
reopens friends gone 
flowers moved 
hjumpik explains goblin sitution friends probably eaten 
arulean disiplince him for not listneing 
toad lee notices the flower is waiting at the door for the party as he sites on the windosill 
hjumpik hears faint breathing at the door 
he figures he would talk to the lady he heads to her room 
wario is in the room its a mess stuff everywhere he puts a gem in his pocket oooh shiny 
i dont know why your here were is the dryad that was here 
uhh i dont know she wasnt here so i took the opteruntity to loot 
wario shows his loot hjumpik notices his dried papers 
hey thats mine you can take anything else please cut me a bargin give it back 
ill cut you a bragin 10 gold and its yours 
how about you give it to me or ill let arulus know your stealing 
well that would be bad for bussiness 
he puts everything back almost everything as he gives hjumpik the greacy paper there is a stain on it the aged apper 
hjumpik decides to talk to it 
lady arulean says are you stupid 
well im not the most intelegent 
your going to solve a monsters porblems with frinedship?
well i you know what 
toad lee harvest igrenedeants from bushes  
hjumpik clears his throat shuts door and says let do something else im dumb 
monster gets angry slams open door right into waluigi he defelect it with his racket 
waluigi yells cheater as aurulean runs a bartender and garud say fresh meat as they head towards the mosnter toad lee agrees saying he wants to kill it 
hjumpik says the pen is mighter than the sword we can still get this under cheke 
hjumpik thinks maybe we can knock it out 
why would we let a monster feed on people we shouldnt we kill it 
hjumpik ignores the fact they have been feeding people to the revel 
just knock him out 
no we need to clense the house 
toad lee charges in stopping at the view of the creature 
arulean uses fairy magic on the guy 
it picks up a butler and eats him growing stronger 
another slahs from hose gaurd 
hjumpik orders steely the dog to run and bark at the monster it oblidges 
it grabs a gaurd he screams HELP HELP 
toad lee says dont worry he digiets slowly 
hjumpik follows the dog outside 
hjumpik breaks a loud piece of glass to make noises 
he hears fighting upstairs wonders if its wario fighting the bramble fly 
📅 A New Day Dawns
7 Harvestide, 1040
Saturias — ☀️ Golden Summer
☀️ Clear and Sunny, 27°C

a housegaurd is thorwn across room bleeding helemet fell off 
waluigi plunges an ice pick into the monster 
toad lee bravley attack the monster with too hands running tinto the action 
the monster roars it found its next target 
hjumpik  tells mossy to preapre to run 
hjuimpik says bark a small screeching sound is heard from it 
Lady Aurelian Corvinarus says she is too fragile to toadlee i *suggest* that toad lee take cares of it a secerit spell is cast she walks out 
toad lee swings and misses 
hjumpik heads back inside runs into arulean she suggests we chase it out its a sriaght forward path to the door 
hjumpik agrees 
waluyigi runs over to hjmumpik as he calls out suggests turning the room into a freezer and rolling the ice cubes with the creature and toad lee out they can dethaw them out later 
hjumpik shoots it down 
what about this a icecacle appears in his wand he pulls it out suggests throwing it at toad lee 
he says it has an explosive secerit hjumpik convinces him to wait a few minuets before doing anything drastic 
lady aruelan says she can help as magic surges along her toad lee rejects her compeltly denies her and yells at ther to get out 
she leaves sad 
the injured gaurd charges shreading the monster to shreads 
toad lee asks dont you want to live another day 
he dosent say anything 
toad lees eyes glimmer as he attacks and he feels the urge to keep up the attack this guy did massive damage to this i cant just ignore that he attacks  the shurb reltalessly a axe goes flying almost hits hjumpik the plan is being in shambles 
arulean orders him to stand down the gaurd says fine 
hjumpik tries to attracjt the creature with a ration arulean shrugs when asks what she likes 
he waves a ration taunts the monster it picks up the gaurd 
a lound mechinical bark is heard it progrssivly getting lowder the monster runs
the monster stares at toad lee slamming down at it it slams into a table hits him 
toad lee runs evacautes from the manor with arulean behind her 
the gaurd runs hjumpik grabs him as the mosnter swings he grabs steely and runs out with the gaurd the monster dashses foward 
they all run the monster is outside toad lee first than waluigi than areulan than the gaurd than steely than hjumpik says i didnt want this to hpapen but you put up a fight 
they stand at the fountain is it still following us
its part of the grove now waluigi says 
hjumpik says well hmm is it? 
dosent the orange lady know 
the dryad we should go back to her and tell her about the deeds 
rakasha appears gives the dog a flower reveals the dog teleported into it with hjumpik 
wait didnt that artificer have it toad lee do you remember 
what 
this dog its not my dog 
yes i remember it 
whos is it 
he was with you wasnt he 
i dont remember he appeared with me 
what was the artificers name 
remi was it 
ah right remi thats who this dog is 
why do you always appear after we fihgt someone or after a big event 
maybe you ask too much questions 
she looks very calm like she has done this before 
📅 A New Day Dawns
8 Harvestide, 1040
Soldas — ☀️ Golden Summer
🌦️ Showers, 19°C
ive seen many planes fall and collapse ive come to see it again 
again?
shell end up dead sooner or later by your hands or another and this place will collapse 
this happened before? 
yes the regal stop the calnder hasnt been around for 1040 years has there 
very cryptic 
how many options do we have to get out of here 
if we get the chalk and open the portal and follow ortacles plan 
there is a midnight gate you can set it up yourself the oriacle you dont need his help 
or you can kill mostly everyone not the orange heir 
that dog isnt yours you came here out of nowhere was there a failed ritual what happened 
will me and th- 
so there was 
thanks for asking the raksha laughs 
now i know there are three planes i shouldnt have told you about the midnight shrine but i didnt tell you the location so its okay i will go make arrangements 
they walk away 
another rakasha appears hello hjumpik hows it going i bought you a flower 
hjumpik was tricked 
the entrance is blocked by the monster hjumpik looks for the midnight gate and he finds out the rakasha calls out to him the midnight portal is active  he taunts hjumpik keeps asking for his name keeps saying rakasha he gives up on hjumpik enters the midnight portal and disapears the portal deactivates 
they spot the monsters arguing 
As you inquire about the missing guests, Saedia heaves an exasperated sigh.

Well…I suppose you are new— you won't have met Herniva or Stuckina, yet.

She takes a moment to compose herself, a delicate finger rubbing the side of her head as if trying to soothe a headache.

Herniva is an old friend of mine, a mermaid, kind and friendly but she has a bit of a mean-streak sometimes…Stucky is…I'd like to call her a friend, even if she is a bit off-putting. They've been coming here for a while, different reasons. They don't like eachother—not even a little bit, and usually I'm able to smooth the way and keep them from the worst of of their fighting— but one arrived early and the other arrived late and now the two have been out there, in the maze, shrieking at each other like a couple of harpies.

For a moment, Saedia looks utterly resigned.

I tried to sort it out, but neither was interested in listening to me, and I had important matters to attend, so I left them to it.


just because i have a hidious face dosent mean im a liar 
listen she turns to hjumpik she stole my orb i know she stole it 
what kinda orb is it magic 
no its just a mundane orb from my childhood ill give you gold silver anything just get it back cut her tail off and kill the syrn 
This small pond is hidden away in a secluded corner of the manor, its still waters hidden beneath a thick curtain of lily pads. The water is a deep green, and though it is clear enough to see the bottom, there is a definite murkiness to it.

A row of poles runs through the center of the pond, each topped with an unlit candle. On either side of the pond, on small platforms, sit a mermaid and a hag. Both women look deeply irritated and are glaring at each other from their perches.
okay miss stuckly ill help hjumpiok says 
hjumpik turns sees the monster in the path and waluigi standing there stucky pries her eyes out this eye can do great things i wont kill it 
What would I want some stupid salty orb for?! Especially if it used to belong to that.

she rolls her eyes, gesturing vaguely in Stucky's direction.

I have my pick of the treasures of the ocean. Whatever she claims she had she probably dropped somewhere in the maze. She’s just angry because she’s cursed and ugly, she's always been jealous of me.

i passed by a few days ago your still aruging why are you aruging 
Have you ever met a good hag?

She laughs, light and airy like bubbling water.

She’s a hag, so she probably did something bad enough that someone would want to make her a hag. What else is there to say? It’s not my problem.

your not making a good case if i search you  
she denies him calling him a dirty dwarf toad lee offers she says you 
Searching through the few satchels that Herniva has on her person, the only item of interest is a chunk of quartz that appears to have been carved into skull. While round and about the size of an apple, it certainly doesn't look like an orb and it isn't made of pearl.
see its a simple its not a orb see im free
looks like she dosent have it lets ask her 
they head back to stuffy 
I SAW HER PUT IT IN HER POICKET 
check pocket empty 
MOVED TO SATCHEL 
the only thing tehere is the skull 
you can check me all you want little dwarf 
there is nothing of note on her only skull 
she was cursed you know she used to have poresitne skin like me buetrfull 
miss hang ducky hjumpik asks thats yours 
huh no its from the last guy that was here been there for a while i can swim and get it for ya if you get my orb 
he swims down hjumpik to check finds a tresure chest a lot of gold and silver and a orange crystal seemingly related to teleportation? swims up 
hjumpuik picks up his cowbell the cowbell of raventree 
sorry mam we cant find the orb 
no please ill take it from her cold dead bodyt 
wait a minuet that skull of yours can i sese it 
what do you mean why would i do that 
just one last one and ill leave you alone 
you know what sure fine she smiles becomes calm hands him the skull smrking 
hjumpik takes a step back stucky walks away he sighs okay well 
he begins to examine the skull he rings the bell 
8 harveside 1040 20 27 
a loud a pirecing sound is heard as the mundane object in hjumpiks hand starts to glow its power radiates and it starts to round out becoming a single round pearl.
this dosent look like a skull to me please give me that back 
no no i want to show it to the hag hjumpik says 
come on little toad please help 
toad lee says i dont have an opiino here 
now i know it looks bad but it could be anything the bell can round out my skull 
hjumpik walks away 
FINE! I took it! I took it, Okay!? I was SCARED—If she had it, she'd find out what I did.

When we're young it's just games—we don't think about it, mermaids—it's supposed to be fun. We lure ships to the rocks, because sailors are stupid and ugly and we're pretty and clever, who cares if they drown?—we play tricks on people at sea, or in lakes—I liked playing tricks the most; finding secret little underwater passages to rivers and caves and all…

So I was swimming up a river, peering out through the waters…and there's this toad  plucking plants from the water—I don't know why I did it— I was gonna play a trick at first, just a little scare for her…so I waited until she plunged her hand into the water, and grabbed her to pull her in—she'd get a little wet, get a little cold, I'd have a little laugh and that would be that…
wait you saw another toad what did she look like 
pink dots and pigtails 
toad lee says hmm i will keep this in mind im looking for toads but not the one you described 
But she when she fell, she hit me with her stupid elbow, and I got mad—And so I cursed her, not even thinking about it—the words were out of my mouth before I could help myself…And then I didn't know what to do with her—So I and left her in a cave in the depths." She looks absolutely guilty and downtrodden—"if I could take it all back I would.if i can take it back i would if its too late or not 
no no 
i didnt get a name it was someone plucking wood 
sorry but stealing is bad we have to give it back 
She'd kill me! I ruined her life! I don't wanna die!

maybe you should just undo the curse 
I've never…uncursed someone before. I don't actually know how.

she pauses a moment, teeth working on her lower lip.

Saedee could probably tell me…

And like the sun coming from behind the clouds, her mood immediately brightens.

I'm sure she could—Would you tell Stucky that I’d be willing to?…as long as she doesn't hurt me? I really do regret it, you know.

hjumpik will keep the orb but i wont give it back ill try and see if we can get a uncursing thing on her and discuss it with her we will see how things go 
toad lee intrupts are you in a diffrent dimension 
hehe diffrent dimension YOU are the outsiders 
toad lee interjects you have something to find my friends 
she produces a compass hiding the needle says it points to his friendss offers him it as a reward instead 
hjumpik stares dumbfounded at toad lee we dont even know if it does anything 
if i put my heart into it itll point to a persont hat points to a friend nearby 
hjumpik settles on anything than can get rid of satrs 
hmmm
I can gget rid of satyrs i can go trhough the swege system and turn them into hags 
we may not care for all of them but we wont make there life worse 
is there anything else like bones you have to offer
i can offer something get it 
you wont turn them into hags would you 
ill offer you a brew so potent they will all go uncuoiuse they wont die just drag there body out ill have samples made when you come back 
okay fine they agree 
as they travle through the grove they see rakasha under ol shambly toad lee rushes in stucky goes flying uncuuous and the steel defender barks 
toad lee says that things killing inncocent people he is losing paentince 
hjumpik takes one step above the hag gives her a potion of health not the spoiled one he says she seems to be breathing i hope shes already 
toad lee asks if she is alright 
hjumpik jummps ontop of the flower pedeal and hits a weakpoint causing the create to go limp 
waluigi proclaims himself the winner of the fight 
the body of the beast is dragged off 
waluigi and raksha decide to rest up as waluigi provides how he got to this situation (explain this make it up idk)
they decide to rest longer while hjumpik and toad lee explain there is a hag lady here were doing a quest for her just make sure she dosent get killed 
hjumpik begins going they realize going the wrong way they turn around 
they see waluigi talking to herniva. she says she will  ill take custodey of her 
hey you wont do anything to her will you 
no i already cursed her i cant do anything else 
...
well actually 
drag her off hjumpik leaves it lingers on him he comes back 
sees waluigi and rakasha resting they chase after her follow footsteps see her dragging her into woods 
run into gaurds 
9 harveside 1040 18 35 
gaurds block them hjumpik toad lee convinces them to let them pass they say fine only because they know hjumpik
they chase after her slowly tredging threw leaves he hears snoring they see gaurds carrying her off up to a giant dragon 
toad lee cant hear them over hjumpik hears something about a dragon 
he spots a spy or maybe the wind or something toad lee goes to confront him himself 
hjumpik had enough i should stop them 
she slips through the cracks Herniva walks past the  party them unkownigly 
hjumpik confronts Chirneros A tall, broad shouldered man with proud, arching antlers, Chirneros is a fey lord who appears to be half human, half stag.

His muscular form is draped in hides, leathers, and furs. There's no doubt this imposing figure is a warrior- from the ornate spear he keeps at hand, the heavy longsword on his hip, or the numerous trophies that adorn his clothing.

he says he wants to wake up a dragon using the lifeforce of his hag 
hjumpik contentsts says its not a real hag its cursed i didnt expect her to go this far 
in all of my 112 yars of living i havent heard a story like that 
at the very least why dont you ask a manor lonrd for it 
the pervious heir put this dragon to sleep they did a binding pact a ritual even The Grafting
care to elaborate  
well the legion was there and a pervious heir to year 988, cut there palm over a dragon egg it giften them powers that sleeping adult dragon is the same dragon that hatched from the egg 
📅 A New Day Dawns
10 Harvestide, 1040
Terras — ☀️ Golden Summer
🌤️ Partly Cloudy, 24°C
tell sedeia about the dragon curse and ill let your hag go 
i dont trust you enough let me just talk with the hag 
they run into toad lee hiding the in the bushes they chase after him he runs away they let him run away 
hjumpik is alone in the serene grove noone else is there sedias music box plays all entrances are gaurdxed 
stucky wakes up 
hjumpik says she was sold out 
were you always a hag 
...
she looks sad 
you can talk about it 
it wasnt alway stucky 
Stuckina Boggs
I was the owner and operator of Aul Nan's Apothecary in the town of Ferncombe
w-whats your name again 
i grew up in a small town near the Raventree estate i took the location when my mom passed away and operated it for years until one day i want hunting for materials materials along a nearby river. Something reached out of the water, seized her wrist and now look at me im stucky 
hmm 
pretty sad 
what were you before you were a hag 
i was a toad 
do you know who gave you the curse 
no 
i think that murmade lady cursed you 
what 
ill kill her 
he wispers to her does that orb mean anything to you 
i was going to use to to scry who turned me into this 
i cant verify it was her but i wouldnt take revenege now since your in this sitution 
stuckina says i still have a little bit of magic in me she transforms into a human an old ugly hag she produces leaves says its a discuss for her hjumpik objects tries to fix it and makes it worse 
they choose to wander off thinking if they will really think a pile of leaves is stuckina 
they exit gaurd asks who is that lady behind you 
appeared out of the water 
hmm we will get gaurds to check on her 
i dont have all day please 
fine they move 
meanwhile 
toad lee sprinting takes a moment to catch is breath 
herniva stands there with a bottle and skull in it says her end of the deal is stayed 
it seems like YOU havent done YOUR end of the deal little toad 
thorne and thystil stand behind 
toad lee says first things first its betewen hjumpik and you 
what did you do to not hold up  my end 
you didnt contact sedeia 
we will just not right away 
oh we will we thought you werent going to hold up your end of the bargin 
toad lee sees hjumpik and the old lady 
congrats hjuimpik you got another laddy 
uhh i just met her but okay yeah 
more imporatntly i met up with the merlady seems like she created the potion you asked for i didnt test it out 
by sample you mean more she gave you a sample right 
i dont think so 
lets go back to the manor for now we got things we got to do 
i agree 
thorn and thystil want to duel hjumpik he teaches them a new move how to smash they run off happly he continues hjumpik with toad lee he travels through bushes 
hjumpik sees waluigi talking to hernivia shes telling him there is tresuere underground waluigi seems to be agreeing rakasha azure says its a bad idea 
hjumpik calls out stop 
she says you finished with your deal 
why did you attack stucky 
i never agreed not to attack her 
waluigi dont trust her 
the deal is still valid finish your part there is alot more potions when that is coming we didnt do anything 
why do you want to turn people into hags
so i can be the most pretty in the world everyone else will be ugly  
waluigi agrees fine you cheaters 
hjumpik says i dont know if i will tell her if you do what you said you will do maybe not 
she smiles goodbye my pretties 
10 18 harvside 10 1040

hjumpik pets steely 
we got this image when i was first turned 
what do you think hjumpik is horrified 
she asks toad you have a thing for older woman she winks 
her horrific apperance leaves them speachless 
hjumpik notices the mermaid the one who stole the beutry was no longer watching them they moved 
they all make it back to the manor no inncident hjumpik stucky 
waluigi is suprised 
hjumpik notes its one week since remis birthday 
were here stickena 
sticky i prefer stucky
although i could stick to you she winks 
uhhh mam lets keep this professional im just trying to get this done 
toad lee thinks of something intresting i will not note it here 
they walk inside 
This large L-shaped lounge is cozy and inviting, with worn but well cared for furnishings. Several walls feature wall-length bookshelves holding countless books for guests to peruse.

A long carpet running the main length of the room, and over it are four small loungers with accompanying side tables. They are all arranged to watch a small stage with a piano and a standing harp, ready for impromptu performances.

In another corner is a messy bar, stocked with an impressive selection of drinks, two giant kegs on stands, and enough seating for eight. A goblin staffer mans the bar, ready to serve whatever guests ask for, free of charge.

wario stands at the bar or mr wario as it will 
you really cleared out that room over there i took the coins in the well 
was there anything else of value there 
5 gold and ill tell you 
hey we deafeated the monster 
fine 
i got a aged parchemnt from that womans room and three figuers of gold 
he shows them a large leather sack 
A worn leather bag that seems far too light for its apparent size. When you look inside, the interior extends into impossible depths—this is clearly some kind of extradimensional storage device. The bag is absolutely stuffed with... everything, apparently. Coins, weapons, food, magical items, junk, more coins, possibly a cursed artifact or two, something that smells like old cheese. The original owner's initials have been scratched out aggressively.
i want that parchment paper hjumpik demands 
20 gold 
no no no YOU STOLE IT 
hey you want some fey brendy 
huh well i am a dwarf so 
wario starts running away
hjumpick tackles him somehow 
somehow snatches it from him 
Rare Item (Authenticity Questionable). A stained piece of parchment covered in recipe instructions, measurements, and what appear to be flour handprints. Wario claims this is the original, authentic recipe for Princess Peach's legendary cake—the cake that was so delicious it became famous throughout the Mushroom Kingdom before the war, served at royal functions, and considered one of the great culinary achievements of the pre-war era.

The recipe is written in elegant script (too elegant to be Wario's handwriting), with detailed instructions for a multi-layered strawberry cake with cream filling and decorative frosting. The measurements are in pre-war Mushroom Kingdom units, and there are marginal notes like "His Majesty preferred extra strawberries" and "Princess requests heart-shaped decoration for festivals."

The parchment shows significant age—yellowed edges, small tears, stains from what might be actual cake ingredients (or might just be random kitchen spills from whoever actually wrote this). There's a royal seal watermark visible when held up to light, which Wario points to as "proof of authenticity."

If the recipe is actually followed: Make an Intelligence check (using Cook's Utensils proficiency if you have it). On a 15 or higher, you successfully create a cake that is genuinely delicious—anyone who eats a slice regains 2d4+2 hit points and gains advantage on Charisma checks for 1 hour as they're put in a wonderful mood by the exceptional taste. On a 10-14, you create a good but not spectacular cake that provides the healing but not the Charisma bonus. On a 9 or lower, something goes wrong and you waste the ingredients.

The Authenticity Question: Wario acquired this recipe during a looting expedition to the ruins of Peach's castle sometime around 1005 BF. He claims he found it in the royal kitchens, sealed in a waterproof container, preserved perfectly for exactly this purpose. Skeptics point out that:

The parchment's age is inconsistent—it looks old, but not 85+ years old

The royal seal watermark matches Peach-era documentation, but Wario could have stolen blank royal stationery and written this himself

Several ingredients listed didn't become available in the Mushroom Kingdom until after Peach's death, suggesting the recipe was written later

Wario has been caught selling "authentic royal recipes" before, most notably "Bowser's Secret Fire Flower Chili Recipe" which turned out to be copied from a common cookbook with "add more heat" scribbled in the margins

Wario refuses to address these inconsistencies, insisting the recipe is genuine and pricing it at 5,000 gold pieces for interested buyers ("It's a piece of history! Priceless! I'm practically giving it away at 5,000!"). He's also created multiple "certified copies" that he sells for 500 gold pieces each, claiming they're "authorized reproductions" (they're just transcriptions he made himself).
further anyslisis reveals 
The truth is ambiguous: the recipe might be authentic, might be a skilled forgery, or might be a real recipe that Wario found and is now wildly exaggerating the provenance of. The cake it produces is genuinely good regardless of authenticity, which Wario considers the only fact that matters ("Does it matter WHERE the recipe came from if the cake tastes amazing? No! Stop asking questions and pay me!").
hold on a minuet what is this 
you stole a recipie 
well yeah? i need more recipies for my super steakplex
arent you a - why would you 
your going to sell this  
no no need more recipies for my resturant 
you have a rcstrurant now 
yeah  ill show you it some other time 
hjumpik pockets it 
show me that restruant of yours sometimes 
toad lee not paying attention realizes he had the appaers the whole time 
wario offers toad lee 200 gold of the papers 
he runs behind hjumpiks back and knocks on his back two times 
he gives a confusing thumbs up 
so how about this ill release waluigi of his debts for those papers 
he must be lying right? whats going on 
your going to release the debt for this gu for the appers its that valuable 
not to me to another potential buyer 
who is the potiential buyer 
well its a big toad like the one behind you 
is it her (ornelaus corenukus)
no he wares a crown he offered osmehting i couldnt refuse 
can i ask what he offered you 
well i dont mind it might help me buy it faster 
he offered me a fragment of the chaos heart 
the chaos heart what eve- okay what is a chaos heart what is going on i just want to get out of here 
well it is none of your bussiness i will only use it for moral (money) and non monitary purposes (money)
thats great to hear but its not on sale and trying to make us reduce the debt of someone else is a new low 
oh what can i say bad guys like getting paid wahahaha 
waluigi says listen hjumpik we can give him it back lets just make a copy of the paper 
waluigi were not giving hte paper just pay it off man 
19 hvst 1040 5 am 
sorry waluigi i cant help you im flat broke 
they walk past ppast him hjumpik says waste of time 
toadlee are quickly fighting over the paper hjumpik trying to get him off 
wario falls on the floor as toadlee regains his footing a tenis birdee flies waluigi comes in swipes it says i need it please 
a brawl ensues in tehy fey manor 
waluigi runs away with the paper 
everyone is confused 
a birdee comes flying waluigi with fire in his eyes he runs away goes directly into hjumpik fire on it still damaging him 
waluigi aftedr all weve been thrrough 
im sorry ill come back i prompises 
there was no promisse your just going to trust him what if hes lying 
come on waluigi get to the wario helicopter we can get out of here wario says 
toad lee asks if hjumpik will be alirght 
was this betrayal planned from the start why is the paper so important?
why does waluigi turn to mistchiv why does he work so hard to be cast aside by societity who is this engima really whos true enemy is himself.
yeah i took a racket to the face but im fine just get the paper back 
toad lee cant tell if wario or waluigi has the real paper 
the wario bros are back in bussiness waluigi and wario are up to ther enefarus deeds again 
toad lee runs up to waluigi 
he swings his axe waluigi uses his cheaters gambit he 
another low swing hits waluigis legs 
stucky takes out her eye throws it at waluigi misses toad lee head landed on 
wario ground pounds 
You leap into the air with surprising height for someone of your bulk, then plummet downward in a sitting position. The impact as you hit the ground is CATASTROPHIC—a visible shockwave radiates outward, cracks spiderweb across the floor, and everyone nearby is thrown off their feet by the tremor. "WAH HA HA!" you bellow, clearly pleased with the destruction.
stucky and hjumpik almsot fall stucky grabs rakashas hand helping her up wario laughs 
azure grabs wario with an iron grip help he yells 
hjumpik smirks ill be back for you he looks at waluigi says time to use my anrchor skills 
come on waluigi it can be another way its just money i dont know you two there can be another way stealing is wrong 
i think your right why dont work together as a team 
i dont trust you give the paper back 
fine but ill give it to a third party 
how about stucky 
hjumpik offers rakasha instead 
he steps back wario asks if he likes his wario bash 
its alirght you hit me with it
you had papers wairo show me them hjumpik asks  
a handoff is made between rakasha and waluigi  
wario takes a stack of papers 
You open your mouth impossibly wide—far wider than human anatomy should allow—and CHOMP down on your target with the enthusiasm of someone who's never met a food safety regulation they couldn't violate. The sound of your chewing is audible across the battlefield and deeply unsettling to everyone present.
he eats them looks at waluigi for a moment noone notices only waluigi does something is made 
hjumpik applies a mushroom to himself feels better after a racket to the face 
rakasha says shes a third party when hjumpik asks to see 
hjumpik says i dont understand why your doing this other than the debt but i hope we can be on good terms 
waluigi says yeah no i took it a bit far its just the prospect of not needing to donate both of my kjidness is appealing to me 
you have to give your kidneys
to afford one half of it 
oh 
your friend is very uhhh 
wario is about to bhreak a display case 
i prefer you not do that hjumpik asks 
wario says the motto is 
Gimme the loot, gimme the gold!
Shove it in the bag 'til the seams unfold!
my own theme song he says what do you think 
uhhh cool thats great we should go and find the lady now before we waste more time 
four five hours kinda crazy 
okay 
they lead the way wario and waluigi they enter the room saedia is there 
wario says me and waluigi have some stuff to talk about i also borred some things can we talk to you 
sure she says the door begins to close hjunmpik puts his foot in 
enough of these games 
sedeia these guys are thiefs 
they took the aged papers now there trying to do things 
can you stop them 
these guys stole money and papers hjumpik says now there getting away 
a scream is heard rakasha says paper turned to dust 
why are you a liar waluigi 
thats just my way of doing things 
sorry but i am a cheater 
waluigi for a moment has a glint in his eyes he shows hjumpik papers a stack 
yeah im going to need the real stack please 
wario looks annoyed alirght the return on investment is getting redicuolous he swipes a paper from waluigi hands 
after some staring he gets annoying gives it back i got clients to see money to be made  wario walks away 
waluigi cries on the floor wario walks away hjumpik hands papers back to sedia 
sighs okay this hag lady points to her putting her eye back in 
oh she had that milk white orb there might be a cure with mushrooms a brambfly jucie and a few other igrendents i can procuree yourself 
but you found out the dispute there having right did you resolve it 
you get them to make up 
i wouldnt say but i stopped the argument close enough 
no 
i cant sleep with them arguing outside all day long 
if it starts back up i dont know what ill do 
it seems like the hag wants to kill the murmade 
there must be a way for them to both make up 
talk to the hag well the beutrful one and figure it out 
okay 
waluigi on floor crying 
hjumpik asks if we can deage the hag i meant decures 
maybe mr woodfellow would know a thing or too about it 
hjumpik sees mossy steely his dog it shows up and barks 
steely your ruested thats good we gotta give you back to remi 
why dont we settle down hjumpik forget about it azure says hjumpik says thats not something you said 
i was joking lets go to the library 
hjumpik says to waluigi we will sort stuff out over it wario is your borther right 
not blodo related 
look for feywards book of many things she tells hjumpik sedea 
they head down 
asks a goblin were are we 
the workshop we make things arrows and wood carving tools and sell them to epole that woodfellow been feeding on knowladge reading he says its power you need a library card he only issues them to people that are really knowladgeable   
hjumpik thinks he knows someone kowdalgeable (its not waluigi )
waluigi objected  it took you 15 min last time to split the world in three 
i didn't know 
clearly using archies fire magic as stablization effort is a bad idea 
you dont know till you try 
ill come with you just to doccument the catastrophy 
can you move please hjumpik said 
he said to the left im to your right waluigi says YOU SEE WHAT I MEAN 
hjumpik ignores him he moves out of the way
he does 
they head into a poem reading room 
poem reader speaks for the ones who cant speak 
are you part of the revel 
no i rather read to them forever than have them end up one of the revels dinners 
i am the only sober satyr in this house 
how did you get here than 
with the rest figured id meet more friends 
lets make a big poem read it really loud hjumpik says 
hmm 
audience is mostly fairy a single golbin one fairy says yay lets defaeat the revel 
hjumpik says he looks powerful dont bombrush into it before you do the poem wait for me 
alright he says leaving the room
woodfellow approaches them a giant tree monster 
hello i am with the lady of the mnoar im here to find a book 
This massive animated tree is rooted in the feyward manor's library, where he works with a small team of sprites and goblin house staff to maintain the archives.

Immobile, he sits at the center of the library, where he can reach out with long bough-like arms to reach any corner of the room.

His roots are deeply embedded into the floor, walls, and bookcases, and he maintains enough movement over them to allow him rearrange the library's layout as he desires.

His leaves are a rich golden-red of autumn, and books hang from his branches as if having grown there. Strange and brightly colored birds flit in and out of the library, roosting in his canopy and chirping news to their placid host.

i would like feywards book of many things 
im sorry someone took that out already 
huh who took it out 
hmm someone yellow 
was it a toad 
hmm i dont think so he was quite addamint that he needed the book he said if i dont get my grubby hands on that book that dwarf and co will 
hjumpik says its wario 
he said hell return it though 
all books have a return period of one week if he dosent return it he will end up a book himself 
oh...
well id like to think that 
i dont have a week you dont have any other copies 
didnt he need a library card 
he gave me one named artameer fellow that yellow one was a nice fellow 
he hands hjumpik another book copy feyward book of many things it has warios name on it though 
do you not know this says wario 
huh 
oh is this a rare book prehaps i shouldnt let you keep it than 
what the 
he opens the book all pages ripped out 
who did this 
probably the guys name on the book 
wario comes out of nowhere sholder bashing hjumpik 
hjumpik doges it 
wario explains his plan he stole some poor chumps librarian card stole a book and sold it to another chunp when i heard your plan i just had to return this 
hjumpik catches the book wario throws while saying after i heard your plan i dont want to turn into a book 
hjumpik reads it in sylivian he cant read sivlian 
46Q9b8h0 NM0S wc 6J9J 54Z3rY
waluigi snatches it reads it Feywards book of many things
hjumpik says give it to rakasha to read 
walugii is upset by this as he read it clearly and hjumpik did not belaive him 
wario snatches the book back on a shelf says i returned it bolts 
hjumpik chances wario , he turns wario fights he doges warios punches he doges and wario is cornored 
hjumpik says come on what do you mean arent you and waluigi friends or brothers 
more like assosiates 
thats mean 
hmm i never thought of it that way 
wario hands hjumpik three papers all not syliva hjumpik recognizes there fakes 
he finally agrees to hand hjumpiik the papers hjumpik says ill get going to that fight over there they rush to the scene the satry from earlier and spirit warriors are attacking one durnk guy gets stung his face bloats 
hjumpik comes to deesclating point out over 50 drunk people in room vs 10 
revealmaster comes up 
hey ralos 
it rellis 
yay rellis 
no its pal 
anyway what was that altercation reveal master asks 
its over now we puts him to sleep 
in the revel 
yeah thats why were friends lumpy! you know me like a book 
i was reading about yall the hjumpiklance 
legionance lumopy 
we will leave if you let us crash there 
yeah sure 
he gets out a paper from his shirt 
wait thats our airship 
im sure the toads can worksomething out like troadburt was one right 
im sure the toads have alcholc right they are resouirceful 
toads like meed though its probably cheap stuff 
sure ralos relis pal says 
we can have a new revel a revel begining he smiles half teeth missing 
hjumpik thinks there from the feyward the most likely is i make a deal they come out of there timeline and it messes up a lot of things i dont know if i want to make that deal 
a new revel will begin least likely is they explode 
hold on i got to make sure things are in place 
hmm we can make a revelmaster in the new one we can scoop it up 
The last ruler of this place granted the orailce an agreement, ceding part of the manor to his and his Revel in exchange for some boon we cannot even begin to guess at. The creature holds sway in the dining hall and its surroundings—and I am not able to revoke the agreement, for I am not the one who granted it.
the rvel was people piled up after the party we came in with 500 250 we feed the rvel alot to get to this state 
hjumppik says alright i guess  i should question the child heir 
orange converius he calls out 
ignored 
the orange heir 
huh 
i have a quesiton for ya mr hair 
what about the heir you had an agreement with 
who told you that 
he notices the satyr and sprites heading upstairs there no longer fighitng the revel they have a plan 
the revelmaster 
he begins to walk towards something 
wait diffrent question than 
why are you feeding the revel 
you know to feed it to grow than it will grob legs eqt everyone and gain total power i wont be a heir anymore ill control people with one look 
he scratches his head thats what id say if i was lying i just dont like these satyrs he scratches hair again i want to get them out of here 
hjumpik thinks probably lying 
he has been betryaed by 
1. wario
2. waluigi 
3. a few others i dont remember the names of he thinks 
people like to lie but ill use context clues to see whats going on 
heir explains the revel it started before he arrived there is no spell to end it its not magical its biological 
hjumpik is sad 
you knhow its weakness hjumpik asks 
orangus leaves room says ask my friend johnathan any more questions if you want it he left 
hjumpik heads upstairs were the people left 
its a blank wall 
hjumpik finds a hidden pannel it opens up to the guest gangway
This hasty construction of wooden planks hangs over the dining hall below, connecting the guest rooms. The makeshift bridge creaks in alarm as you put weight on it, but it seems like it will hold. You can see the dining hall below in all it's horrendous glory.
It's unclear what happened to the rest of this floor and its rooms, but it appears to have all gone away some time ago as there's no visible rubble that would match what's missing.
he walks to a open doors sees the satyr party talking they talk about removing the floor having it fall on the revel 
they go to lock the door hjumpik blocks one door 
goblin servant notices hjumpik address him by name hjumpik is suspious noone gets his name right 
great come in satyr says close the door hjumpik agrees they explain there plan 
huh you wont fall  donw hjumpik asks 
no we will fall he gives a weak punch thumb in fist i was a fighter in uni 
are you joking hjumpik asks the satyr 
i got a better plan 
this place is alive if we cut into it thats a bad idea its magical this place 
if we didnt have to cut anything down id agree with that but 
what if we cut around the tree
maybe that will work 
well i guess if its not attached to the tree we COULD 
maybe have the flying sprites do it 
can the revel eat the floor isnt it powerful 
lets try it and see how it reacts i would see and see what the floor does to the rvel if it knocks it out if it look vulnerable you can attack it 
they start hacking a lot of noise hjumpik stops it as someone gets out a proto chainsaw 
These former guest rooms have been taken over by the vines which now cover the walls and ceiling. Strings of vines have been woven together to provide strong lines from which hammocks have been attached.

Well worn and messy beds sit against the walls, joined by tables, seating, and storage for guests to secure their belongings in.

The floor is strewn with leaves, detritus and wine spills. Keeping this space clean is likely a constant, losing battle for the staff of the manor.

any better ideas?
the revel eats the revelmaster 
how do we get the rvelmaster to fall for that 
would the revel even eat him he is the revelmaster 
hmm i got some other ideas too the lady arulean corealisu maybe she knows something about it if she does we can use her skills to good use i heard she used to be a all pwoerful mage but she hides her powers and acts weak for the manor itself faking being weak its a ruse shes actually really strong 
i got an idea a goblin says we kick the revelmasters ass and we comes and dies 
hjumpik thinks to himself he said my name right and he knows arulean he knows more than he lets on this guy he is still drunk though unlike the leader 
i think so names are in order goblin asks 
mumpy 
no its hjumpik satyr says 
any titles 
im a good blacksmith from my clan you can call me that black- he catches his throat 
you can call me hjumpik a good-uhh the diplomat 
ah so your the feyward babysitter i got it the goblin says 
whatever you want 
I am 4N793m5 0226bcZF (goblius gobnilun)
doughnutish please 
goblius gobnilun
nice name you have a title 
the servant 
so indentured servatude got it 
i serve noone now 
i used to have a full head of hair goblin hair i liked it better 
you got odl i feel ya 
what about your name fairy 
he stops blinks sees a vision of the floor falling and the revel eating all of them 
the fairy says im Prixie Prixie the pixe 
hjumpik says lets leave the room now 
they all shuffle out 
someone suggests feeding it beer so it blows up 
no it east and grows power maybe if it was fed uhhh something that was uhhh posiionis to rvels maybe it would die 
well alchol is poisions 
we need a massive ammount 
isnt there a massive ammount here 
it could be resistant you dont know 
whats your idea hjumpiik 
the rvel isnt moving because its beging fed so if it stops it will move aournd  if we dont feed it itll mvoe or something 
so...
how do we stop feeding it were not the ones fedding it whos to say it dosent wait too long and doesnt work 
any ideas hjumpik asks 
well we got saws so we can cut it 
i think its a dumb idea 
who are you 
Ratitus
why is it dumb 
well the floor will fall it will absorb the floor 
he dosent know hes drunk 
no hes not 
agruments happen 
alright settle down lets make the revel thing not eat everything 
yes thats our shared goal 
what do you suggest 
sigh hjumpik says 
i know we hmmm 
feeding him alachol could work in theroy but its a waste 
plus if we were to feed him all that the revelmaster would notice 
probably 
he might react to it 
but if we remove all alchol noone can get drunk than theyll all leave 
who said that 
a random fairy 
theyell all leave huh 
and what do you think it would take an army how much kegs are here 
more than i can count but im sure as a team we could do it together for if my name isnt Kreetus Cetus!
crettus huh 
alright we could start  how much kegs are there 
455 i think is my estamime 
huh it would take ahwile 
but we dont have to do all of them right im sure after 100 the rvel will get drunk right not
cant we just pouir the wine down drain them out 
on the floor 
you guys have an ability to move water 
....
what if we feed it mushrooms 
it will eat you will you throw it to him 
yeah we will cut the floor down and thorw it from above 
now thats the same thing the last guy said 
fighting verbal happens 
someone disapears 
were did he go was he real hjumpik stops himself i wont question my sanity were did he go 
why are we listining to some dwarf whos been barking our orders a brute satyr says 
we are both haters of the rvel we cant question if were together or not 
fine 
here is what we will do 
half try mushroom maybe it will affect his body somehow any better ideas 
we could burn it 
alright ill get my own team you get your own team brute says 
im not done yet 
other team does kegs .... no search around find ideas 
brute walks out not too much to work with his team to find mushroom 
noone wants to go all too scared of him faires scared he may harvest them for power  
FINE he says as he swipes three fairies 
hey wait a minuet hjumpik says i need a fair as they disaepaer 
they head dowstairs hjumpik 
you know my name right 
darven right 
draven hjumpik says 
hjumpik thinks the one that diasapered was the one that knew is name 
yeah your right actually 
the goblin gives him his hankerchif ill give you my name 
hjumpik writes aged whine cup keep it moving 
hjumpik thinks the best find information is the library so he goes 
he gets help to a patrion bookkeeper and he shows him to a bookshelf 
In the vine-choked library of the Overgrown Manor, half-buried beneath a shelf that seemed to breathe when no one was looking, the party uncovered a slim, leather-bound volume titled Concerning the Nature and Sustenance of Revels Eternal. Its pages were written in a flowing, almost drunken script that shifted colors when read by firelight, as though the ink itself had attended one too many festivals and never quite sobered up. The unknown author, who signed only as “A Humble Participant Who Has Forgotten Their Own Name,” described the Revel not as a mere event or gathering but as a living, hungry presence—a vast, many-limbed entity that slumbers in the spaces between songs and awakens when enough voices, enough wine, enough reckless joy is poured into the world. According to the text, the satyrs were never truly guests; they were vessels, their endless carousing a form of devotional feeding that kept the Revel sated and the manor’s more dangerous hungers in check. The book warned, in increasingly frantic marginalia, that to starve a Revel is to invite it to devour the revelers instead, and that the only true end to such a feast is either total surrender or the deliberate breaking of the circle by someone willing to be remembered as the one who stopped the music
by the way you looked at it can i see your card 
yes he hands him it goblin staff reads artameer fellow
you can go now 
yup 
head outside flower picking goblin pulls out satyr 
im sorry i had to put on a show for the camears people were watching i had to smoke out of there its the goblin from eralier  
how did you do that 
well a little magic here and there never hurt anyone anyway you let brutus on his own with the two faires  taht idiotic but i got a better plan what if we seduce it he hands hjumpik a flower 
yeah no thats a bad plan we dont even know what it even is 
hmm fine ill try it anyway later 
i have a better plan goblin can you be trusted 
as the goblin guys writes somehting down he heads out 
seconds later hjumpik says hey wait a minuet a chase insues into sedias chambers 
he grabs the goblin by the shoulder a single word on it brutus 
why do you have this gauys name down 
huh oh its for the dinner preprations yes he ordered quite a meal tonight 
im not a big fan of people who listen into others and give information they wont give 
ill give you a choice 
what 
you shut your mouth about eralier and i dont stuff you in the revels mouth 
fine i agree he hands hjumpik his pen and... stabbed it was a knife goblin runs more runs and runs blocks a door hjumpik smashes thruogh it runs and runs 
finally sururnded hides in a room dead end room its the mushroom room 
he heres fidgiting  and gabric ripping 
As the door opens a large number of alarmingly huge mushrooms visible recoil from the light that spills in. This coat room barely functions as storage thanks to the strange growth within it, and given time, it may be overtaken entirely.
hjumpik sees him itching wurvinig on the floor with mushroom growing outof him he brings him to sedeia 
she replaces the mushroom with a plant and it grows and grows and grows and gorws 100 feet tall vines crashing through the mnaor it is chaos screams are heard people are running 
hjumpik runs she says its a mistake i didnt mean to as the giant flower grows and grows she wanted to replace the mushroom with a flower but it seems the flower bloomed a little too much 
All normal plants in a 100-foot radius centered on that point become thick and overgrown. A creature moving through the area must spend 4 feet of movement for every 1 foot it moves.
the problem is the feyward IS literally the OVERGROWN MANOR 
reminder:
Raventree Manor stands amidst a great wilderness burning with autumnal colors and practically choked by lush plant life. Nearly every inch of the building is covered in some sort of growth, and large sections of the structure have collapsed to accommodate huge trees growing out of the manor.
It appears as though the wilds reclaimed this manor long ago, and yet there are signs of life everywhere: The whole manor blazes with light, its many windows flickering with the shadows of movement. Mingled among the birdsong and rustling of wind through trees is the sound of music, laughter, and chatter.
hjumpik sees people talking panic two gaurds one stayr one goblin 
keep cutting the vines 
its too big if there are flower monsters come out we need to take defensive positoins maybe we will leave retreat 
but the revel if we leave it alone 
i know i know.
another person approaches not drunk 
the revel is chewing on some plant leaves 
it will grown and grow and...
listen 
i know i know we just need to take positions this is crazy 
with what a bunch of drunkards we need to evacuate! 
...
all three run off  
sedeia runs to hjumpik 
she says she screwed up another shambley is there a stronger one plant monster is making stuff and we have to cut it at the source 
hjumpik pats her on the head says lets go find the oriacle 
they head upstairs open Lord's Chambers
This chamber was once an opulent lounge and sitting room, befitting a lord or lady of high standing. It has now been transformed into a makeshift feasting hall and thoroughly trashed by its occupants.

The large firepit in the center of the room is currently giving off waves of heat and light, as a roaring flame spews smoke and embers up at the ceiling, blackening the high rafter with soot. Grimy hoof prints circle the pit in thick overlaying paths.

Large wooden tables sitting around the edge of the room, some with half-finished meals still on them, while others have been laid out with a buffet of greens and nuts and fruits and breads and cheeses. Racks, crates, and whole barrels of wine sit nearby, ready to sate any thirst that arises.


people screaming help 
fire raging the giant plants pedel there 
we need to break a windows a satyrs revel never ends 
smash window 
COME ON BOYS WERE GETTING OUT OF HERE 
shuts the door its too hot fires is sperading 
checks for traps dosent find anything keep cutting till too thick to get to sedeias room 
another ol shambley pushes hjumpik back he runs 
brute from earlier 
i got mushrooms to throw into the revel thats my plan 
that wont work from what i heard is they will fight the plant monster maybe the part will evnetally end 
sedea is unable to get to the door intime as its closes she is left to fight the shambley 
were is the oriacle 
over there 
he points 
From this vantage point, high above the revel taking place in the dance hall below, one can see that half of the mezzanine still stands. The floors are stained with red - it is unclear if the color is from blood or wine or both.

The other half of the mezzanine has crumbled, a piano that looks mostly playable if not for the large white flowers growing out of it perched near the edge.

Ropes have been strung above the area to hang lanterns that provide light for the revel down below. From up here it's easier to spot some of the creatures - satyrs, goblins and other fey - who are busied with gorging themselves on the rotten offerings around them.
sees the heir practicing piano with lady arulean corenlisu 
she looks streesed 
seems they evacuated up here 
he goes negoatites for a single fairy for a weird mushroom he accpets 
he gives him the mushroom 
frees the rest of the fairies the deal is done faires wine he was smelly 
he is a intresting satry insint he alright you faires 
he heads towards gaurd 
they walk away 
speak to gaurd 
he says there is a room over here a safehaven the only room not effected by the pllants 
hjumpik chooses to talk instead 
what about lady arulean  over there 
i am her only gaurd here 
he hears gaurds saying they will start pushing 
revelmaster doing things that wont help the plants 
hjumpik asks if he can talk to her if she could do anything about uhh-
he thinks he dosent want the heir to hear stops himself 
let me ask her a quick question 
yes and how are you to be asking her a question?
who do i tell her came for her?
isnt she over here just tell her to look 
alright if you pull a fast one im trained in martial arts 
he goes to her she dosent want to talk offers him a wet tissue and boogers 
hjuimpik screams MISS LADY ITS ME HJUMPIK MIND ANSWERING A QUICK QUESTION FOR ME 
hjumpik said his name it is heard but she ignores 
what do you want to tell her 
tell her i want to know what is going on with the circle shes making what we need to do and the revel is up to no good  
okay 
a door opens sedia appears I took care of the monster for you it ran away 
hjuimpik sizes her up cant tell if shes lying he also she dosent look hurt
gaurd comes back  
gaurd reveals ritual table is covered in leaves had to evacaute 
anything else you can do to help 
well they formed a group called the treecutters downstairs thats about it 
hjumpik enters surivieor room 
gaurd says hes dave 
As you step into this room, it is easy to believe you have been transported outside, as everything is covered in a soft carpet of moss and grass. The air is thick with the smell of pollen.

Two small trees have made this room their home, their branches pushing against the ceiling and their roots spilling over the groundcover at your feet. Across from them a great bed made of stone has a plush mattress of living plants and vines which is surely comfortable.

Large mushrooms feast on the rotting wooden walls, big enough to sit on, and sturdy enough to handle the weight, they are springy but comfortable bits of living furniture.

The remnants of a tea set sit on a stone table, forgotten by its attendees or awaiting new ones. The cups are filled with nothing but clean water.
hjumpik listens in to the people among the table 
how can we drink kegs are running low 
dont worry treecutters will save us
we will die to the revel anyway why should we 
satyr without party is a satry without flame 
sees people sparring 
goblin stops rubs blood off of bird person sparring hobgobblin says stop stop clean hit 
This small, dark closet has been forgotten and left to nature. A carpet of grass has taken over the floor, and the shelves are bare except for a few forgotten sheets and an empty purse. It seems as if this space hasn't been used in years. It's unclear if the huge rock in here is being stored or is part of the room.


ah a beutrful woman a satyr says she walks in looks around 
hjuimpik says very suspioous dont wlak into rooms leave him alone she walks out of closet 
he heads to the next room a bathroom 
This is not a bathroom at all, but a large sauna with a soothing hot spring at its center and seats of natural stone. Strange, colorful tropical plants grow out of the walls, and the air is thick with steam. There are no other features in this space.
he sees waluigi, a saytr red demon and goblin  sitting in the sana enojying it dipping there toes in 
waluigi is on his tablet it has warios logo on it 
wahbook hjumpik thinks to himslef 
hjumpik notices waluigi typing The Feyward Revel and the Book of Many Things on wahbook 
one pricked by thorns and the goblin beaten up 
alright hjumpik thinks to himself maybe I should talk to waluigi he can help me out here 
maybe i should keep the plants living hjumpik things they might leave at the same time it will be infested this place 
satyrs might leave if i wait 
alright ill talk to waluigi 
he enters \
waluigi is in his overalls has a twoel on his head with his logo 
what are you here for 
to take a nice relazing bath obviously i got split up 
were did he go 
im not sure the leaves seprated us we were doing our on missions trying to get out of here faster wakuigi says  
i got a bad feeling if the revel eats all the plants wakuigi says 
exactally thats the point i need hjumpik says 
waluigi says give me a second to change ill help 
alright hjumpik says 
sedeia do you like hotsprings 
hmm well water gets stuck in my roots but its like eating i do like it 
what do you eat sunlight 
she blushes i dont want to say
faires from earlier come says they tried to freeze the fire  
waluigi exits shower ready as ever
hjumpik cehcksthe time we need to go as he reveals the five nights dead
he thinks about talking to arulean who is talking to the gaurds
waluigi summons a localized ice storm the fire is out 
he sees raw energy in room hjumpik says i told you not to hurt anyone as he sees frozen people 
hjumpik cuts through the room sees a dead person moves him aside waluigi says maybe that was too much 
yeah maybe but we got it done hjumpik says 