oriacle lets go off remis hand and says we arrived at the Fractured Atrium were finally here
You gaze around the circular atrium and are greeted by the solemn marble faces of Corvinarus ancestors who lean inwards looming over the intricate teleportation circle featuring rings and glyphs of burnished gold inset within black marble.

This atrium was a grand receiving area where privileged visitors to Darius' extraplanar Sanctum would enter through his portal.

You suddenly notice - while you have been acclimating to this alien environment - the sigils which initially illuminated the floor upon your arrival have faded, turning to a dull and lifeless grey.

remi says she forgot about how she got here 
the oriacle says dont worry about the details just worry about the why
he says this place is more run down that he remembers she looks at a statue
Each statue seems more imperious, more intelligent, or more beautiful than you suspect would be truthful. You surmise that these marble wardens represent a self-aggrandizing idealization of the Corvinarus lineage, an invention of the mind which conjured this place into being.
she notices the center is being powered again something is concertrating on it
she looks to the right sees clockworks
markop and eager and salam arrive they greet each other 
markop is mad says you left us were is my friends
the oriacle says there was only 5 during the ritual he dosen't know what he is talking about 
remi says every walkway around us is broken so its risky if we want to leave this space 
markop suggests throwing something to see if it floats oriacle says they will get lost to time remi throws her crossbolt bolt from her pouch 
she sees it fall down and disapear not when it hits the bottom but in the middle of flaling 
oriacle says we have the reach the center remi says what if we fall oriacle says you might end up somewhere wrong 
they choose to head to clockworks 
remi and oriacle reach there first 
You step into a mesmerizing clockwork of intricate machinery, a tangle of great bronzed wheels connected by interlocking gears and sprockets. Overhead a massive wheel turns slowly, its spokes parallel to the floor. It's circulation powers the rotation of numerous metal discs which glimmer in the undulating twilight and flash with each reflected burst of lighting.

At the diagonal corners of the room, wooden platforms extend beyond archway gaps in the stonework reaching out into the void of the starfield. Upon each platform is mounted a telescope with a variety of lenses.

The steady and unrelenting destruction which grips this chamber is hypnotizing. As gears are wrenched from their moorings they collide impossibly slowly. Each collision emits a cacophanous and sustained gong which rumbles within your core as an embodiment of dread.

she says she dosen't want to wait to look around oriacle says follow me i know a shortcut be on the lookout from the crystal 
remi arrives at 
On the far side of a shattered staircase grows an oak tree, proud and gleaming in the flickering auburn light of the maelstrom. The lower boughs of the oak shimmer with coruscating light which emanates from crystalline formations which grow out of the tree's trunk and from the earth in surrounding planters. The tree's canopy is open to the sunless sky and rises above the marble archways of the chamber which contains it.

The chamber itself is slowly exploding, the stone beneath the the tree fracturing and splitting. The tree's gnarled roots protrude forth through the cracks in the stone.

A curved staircase ascends from the western archway of the chamber, rising towards the pulsating epicenter of the chaotic maelstrom which wracks the sanctum.

she sees shining crytsals changing color she says its not natrual not the right crystal
markop and eager make it over salam slips grab the ledge he pulls himself up they stop and rest than head to remi 
markop realizes the crystals are clearly charged and stops remi from picking up the crystal
oraicle says the other manors must still have active keepers there should only be one keeper per manor says we need to kill the other keepers and there should be only one 
markop questions the oriacle multiple questions asks if he can contact hjumpik 
asks wasn't the mages guild watching 
oraicle dissmisses both questions 
is there more monsters in the house 
oraicle says yes 
markop asks about the purple one 
oriacle mentions waluigi and archie might be there 
ruled by vampires 
markop asks about orange one 
ruled by routy people 
thinks there might be a dragon maybe your father is there 
markop decides purploe 
remi goes to a enclosed case with a monster in it its magically protected by magic she takes note of it 
markop goes back to the telescope sees a house and a running water fountain he notices the flowers look natrual markop checks the other rooms 
remi says i better stay here i dont want to be alone the toads say your not alone your together
markop heads back to the main room 
remi points to the monster markop cant tell what it is he checks for magic there is a magical block on it 
they both cant figure out what the monster is 
the creature looks like it is frozen in place they prod at it for a few minuets 
maybe if we see the oriacle again we will find out he looks for markop wants to draw it 
remi gets an expired coupon in her pocket she flips it over a number 599-124-4651 call me -w 
puts it back markop asks if anyone has anything to draw this thing noone answers 
markop notices the claw is out of the encased by the magical barrier 
remi says lets draw blood from the beast to draw it eager offers her the dagger she takes it 
she plunches her dagger into the monster but stops a crashing sounds markop  sneaks around the conor remi follows 
they slowly sneak in 
they trip the oriacle notices them 
oriacle is seen in a room 
A detached circular chamber drifts with centrifugal entropy as it breaks away from the central platform. Within what remains of this room stand several large glass tanks, three upright against the far wall and another reclined horizontally in the center of the room. A series of large pipes connect the bases of the tank.

A suspended metal walkway is mounted to the south-east wall, upon this raised platform is a block of levers from which someone controlling their operation would have a commanding view over the chamber. Around the tanks you observe a cart and winch for transporting heavy objects as well as a disposal chute which would dump refuse into the abyss beyond.

The tanks are illuminated from within by a strangely luminescent fluid which ripples and glows. Suspended within this concoction are humanoid bodies, malformed, their flesh open with weeping sores or parts of their body ending prematurely in a vestigal limb. Tubes of metal impale their flesh and extend down their open mouths. Their eyes are open, but you cannot tell whether they are living. They make no movement nor does their gaze move to meet yours.

he says oh i didn't expect you here 
what was that crash they asked 
i accidently pulled the wrong lever on these monsters 
remi looks at the vat notices the shields 
The tanks themselves are covered in a latticework of Abjuration magic, however from behind the glass you detect a lingering aura of Necromancy.
she says what does this mean 
markop explains the two concepts to them says nice work on recognizing the seals 
markop asks about monsters 
he says the monster will escape if the crystals are active 
markop feels like he is probably not telling the full story or its a twisted version of the story 
markop says alright we see and brows at him he dosen't trust him 
remi sees the dinging hall in the pruple crystal she says it seems alright to me it might be safe to enter 
markop feels less magic from ornage location 
cut to archie 
onyx hand knight opens door for them 
they enter 
As you enter the room, a small half-invisible shadow begins to pluck a great black harp in the northwest, filling the space with mournful notes.

In the eastern half of the room, a thick red rug covered in swirling veins of black covers heavily marbled stone tiles with veins of gray that seem to shift and swirl as though the stone was covered in oil. A broad red couch faces two small red loungers sitting aside a glass-topped table. Beyond them a pair of brown leather chairs face inward toward the rest, allowing for all seated to converse with each other easily.

In the far corner is a cabinet laden with strange bottles of alcohol of all colors and viscosities, with trays of cups, shakers, spoons, and the like sitting ready to be used. Next to that is a small cutting board with what appear to be a pale pink citrus that's been cut up into wedges. It smells sweet, but bitter, like a grapefruit but not quite.
the lady vampire is there 
she asks what there name is 
archie says who are you 
she says Vivesna Corvinarus
throws gaurds under the buss one of the gaurds told me to come on 
she leads them to the staff room markop fng and the taods are there 
markop says archie your here were is remi?
 bowser says dont worry i did a valenat retreat 
 markop questions bowser do you know were we are bowser says the mansion right bowser says back in time maybe 
 bowser says toadburt got captured markop says how 
 he says he go overwelmed a swarm of mages guild people came in 
 says he got overwelmed they
 vampire says sorry to intrupt tea time but we should 
 TWO GAURDS ARE AT THE DOOR ARCHIE SAYS his name is darman nightly 
they arrive at the diner table it looks like the oriacle 
he sees green T is there at the kids table 
archie says green t what are you doing here green t says he has a plan 
archie says you ran away 
bowser goes to the head of the table says he should be at the head because he is king archie fails to calm him down 
cut to fng he is in the parlor 
A cozy and comfortable sitting room for entertaining guests, plush and inviting furniture is paired with beautifully carved tables offering a variety of games. In the south, a piano is kept perfectly tuned and immaculately clean.
Perrius Annmatar is there he reveals he was following them the whole time he says the crystals were put there by the mages guild to keep the monster IN not OUT the oriacles is tricking you 
remi says my main goal is to find my way home she says kivitos 
remi says we ought to do something now  because i kinda have a mission and that mission is to go home 
he gives them rings says slip it into the monsters and they will appear dead but are not actually dead there heart beat stops but once its off they live 
a vampire sitting on a couch nearby says what are you two talking about he reveals himslef remi is suprised imporves says why don't you join us 
he says fine, my name is usk i am a vampire in this manor if the head dies it would be tragic 
they form a party usk says be more vigilant look around investgagte every room start here for instance remi agrees 
remi finds a note written to coranelias a green toad will be drained for diner  
must be dilaous remi says 
remi says i eitehr have to invite or be stealthy 
she checks the cloakroom nearby 
A small room off to the east holds racks and hooks for storing coats, hats, and other outerwear.
she finds something in the coat pocket 
The vessel isn't ready. At least, not yet.

Research has been slow and tuning the tethers has required much more effort than I ever could have imagined. Some of my undertakings have produced results so grotesque I dare not let them see the light of day— grim failures and an important warning of what might happen if my calculations are not precise.

I don't remember the last time I ate, perhaps I should emerge and rest. Clear my mind before I return so that I can retain my focus. I have been so engrossed with my efforts that when last I left the sanctum dear Usk told me that days had passed—I barely noticed.

Through all, he has been a truly faithful confidant and ally. I will gravely miss him when the time comes to execute my plan— I must arrange some method to shield him from

The page is torn below this point.
she found 15 gold 
remi thinks one of the toads wrote this 
she enters the bathroom there is silver in the toilet no water
usk says the toilet was clogged so use the bucket if you have to go 
the key to the ballroom is locked 
remi says dont worry i have some tools she can't pick the lock usk says Vivesna might have the key 
remi opens the door to the main hall 
This expansive foyer is spotless, the black and white marble tiles glinting with reflections of the foyer's gently flickering lamps. The unsteady orbs try almost vainly to light this space, leaving a dim purple light to navigate by. A pair of grand staircases dominate the far wall, leading up to the second floor of the manor.

A pair of benches covered in plush red velvet sit on either side of the entrance, while to the east and west sit large double doors with ornate iron handles that lead to other spaces. Finally, between the stairs a broad hallway extends for nearly eighty feet, leading off to yet more rooms.

At the center of the foyer is a wine colored rug and resting atop it is a circular table with a strange, sickly-smelling flower, a guestbook, and an inkwell holding a fine pen.

she finds a guest book 
she skins through it 
Skimming through the guest book, its pages are entirely empty except for two names:
Vostolas,Lyranth ,Bowser, Archie, Green Toad (scribbled in) , oriacle 
remi says i regonize them we can either sneak in,lie,break in, or do something else 
remi says we have to be very careful if something goes wrong well lets hope it dosen't 
brfeaking in is a sure way to get spotted so thats out of the picture 
remi comes up with a plan Perrius Annmatar posses one of the gaurds and convince them to let them in they all agree 
he goes and laughs begins posession but he is caught and taken into another room 
remi says prehaps there is another way around plan A has failed me 
she notices a nearby room and picks up a scroll in a chest magic text that can compreheand any lanuage she wants 
she heads to another room
she sees 
Beyond the locked doors a bewildering sight awaits. Smashed furniture covers what was once a pristine and expensive dance floor, now smeared with old blood and spilled drink. Atop the dance floor nearly a half dozen twisted shapes contort their bodies in unpredictable ways, twisting and writhing to an endless song that seems to come from no one particular direction.

The dance hall is thick with the smell of old sweat and filled with the sounds of the spectacle the dancers provide as their limbs slap the floor, heedless of any broken furniture they may kick aside.

Scattered across the floor are numerous broken or discarded crossbow bolts, some still embedded in the wood as though fired from the mezzanine above.

remi sees the headless dancers attacks perrius anamaturand the gaurd waiting she intevenes with a bow shot she realizes shes running low on shots 5 bolts she says thats my friend right there he says it WAS your friend 



cut to diner bowser and orangeus corenelas fighting over the saeat
archie says come on bowser please were in a difrent siution we cant attract attention to ourself 
bowser says fine  but im not happy about this 
archie wispers dont worry bowser we will knock heads later 
bowser wispers vampire heads?
archie says hello sirs we were invited to diner at your manor care to introduce youseves 
Head says my name is orangus corenelous head of the estate  and owner of this manor 
archie says you summoned us here right?
Kryn corenelous I am the heir to the thone of seat Autumnwood of the regal empire 
vampire spawn introduces himself as a vampire spawn made by oragus 
more guests arrive archie thinks one is half human half demon 
archie says there is one more seat left as they all fill in 
head of table says the guest of hounour is here 
toadburt with a gaurd enters 
archie sees toadburt looks a bit nervous 
next vampire introduce himself Joseph Jo
archie says your a big shot what are you famous fore 
A breathing-based energy technique to fight other vampires during battles 
next up 
nelius Ornelius a caretaker of the manor 
next up 
my name is darmin knightly i am well known for my magical prowess as well as for my kany advertures across the land I just simply have a way of drwaring alot of intresting stuff and attention to myself. both life threanting and entretaning and with my personality i have a way of attracking alot of attention both good or bad. do you belive that 
very good show arhcie please inrdouce yourslef
archie my name is darman 
next up Ekia 
hello gia archie says everythting is good how about you 
bowser next he says i am bowser king of koopas all shall bow to me 
archie looks around see a gaurd lock a door noone cares about what bowser says 
next up David an attentend of the house 
hi david what is your profession 
my profession is vampire studies my profession is vampire studies he says a scientes 
archie sees a ring on toadburt as the others talk its the mages guild dampining ring 
next up i am ruri an explorer hired by the vampires 
bowser checks his watch the time is 1:53
next up 
my name is vostolas i am a archivist i know everything about the onyx hand history 
arhcie says your a cronoicler a libararian 
vostolas says yes 
next up 
Franklin a mages guild repesentative to observe this meeting 
archie says you look familiar have we met before 
he said i dont htink so 
next up Vaxillus Loumaal 
dont let my dogs intrupt ya ill have your head on a steak three eyes 
my name is darman archie says 
says dont hold your tounge we will all be fighting at one point 
next up 
my name is darman 
archie thinks he stole my name 
archie says really show proof 
he says why dont you show me proof 
next up 
two speak up 
we are Tymnas we are both Tymnas in name and body  you will only see one of us 
next up 
i am mazenound
your bound to see me if you get lost in a maze 
ill see you up ahead 
of what archie asks you will see she says 
next up 
i am Vivesna Corvinarus the child of orangus Corvinarus ill be princess sooner or later 
bowser looks back down at his watch  3:14
next up im Green T nice to meetcha 
green t is moving his hands weirdly archie notices he is signingling meet me in the bathroom next time i go 
next up our esteemed guess 
Toadburt
i dont know why i am here im kinda scared he says, archie you got to help 

archie gives a thumbs up 
servants come out the time is  4:09 
what would you like for your first bite 
misted crimson tomatos
bone marrow Brulee
Fang Tip Skewe-
archie asks for roasted pig or boars 
the servants eyes narrow he is kinda annoyed you cut him off but the guest is always right 
archie says number 3 and 4 
servants says there is no number 4 
archie says number 1 and can you get me a large glass of uhh purple grape wine 
fang tip skewers it is 
servants says fine moves onto the next person 
archie notices servant wisper into organus eyes 
now we can discuss why your really here says orangus 
Do you believe a home reflects its owner, or does the owner eventually become a guest?
"I say the house whether it be the decoration, style, items in inside, condition, and other miscelleous features all reflect it's owner in some way, shape, or form."
oragnus cornelius collects the papers puts them in a bin 
next quesiton
"Tell me: if you were to lose everything you own, what remains of you that is worth keeping?"
"My personal freedom." - Archie
Tell me, guests: if your survival required the literal consumption of your most cherished memory, would you choose to starve or to forget who you are?
"I choose to keep it." - Archie
oriacle says thank you all for doing this it was an ice breaker to meet you all 
green t says he has to go to the bathroom archie remembers he has to go to 
archie says bad timing ill be right back when the foods ready
oraicle says you need an escort a knight says ill be your sword follows hiim to the bathroom 
archie quickly goes in the bathroom and blocks the door with a cabnit 
archie wispers to green t so what do you want to talk about 
green t hands him a key says he swiped it from the orangus corenlius 
green t says there is two ways this diner can do the burning hearth or the shadows at rest 
why dont you help archie asks can you lend a hand in this or do you plan on running away like last time 
green t says fine what do you want me to do 
green t says he is listining to them they know about the other oriacle orangus corenleus wants to contain something he wants to uncontain it  we need to uncontain the beast destroy the timelines and merge 2 into 1 
kill the gaurds and protectors the orangus corenilous than kill him for good a crystal will shatter the beast will rise
also what you ordered earlier wasn't on the menu he accepted the order though im not sure why be careful archie 
archie says okay they begin to leave one last thing green t says he points to a pistol on his hip he says ermgencys only
can you even fight archie asks 
green t says yeah id be dead if i couldn't
archie says funny you say that when you called dan a coward why dont you give it to dan he is brave these days become his appertence sometimes 
green t dosen't say anything says the bathroom is nice with a bucket rug a bench and mirror archie says you do your bussiness as he leaves 
time is 7:15 AM they have been waiting hours 
hows it going toadburt archie says as he passes him 
toadbnurt says nothings going on see im clean puts up both of his hands 
the ring for earlier is gone its not on his wrist 
archie wispers to toadburt were going to do something when that happens regroup bacjk to us 
bowser says what took you so long 
archie says long leak we need to do something youll be ready to fight along side us 
bowser says we can't fight all these guys 
archie says we have a new mission 
7:38 23rd of higsun 
################### day 1 ################
24th higson 11AM
Embercap Dewdrop and Erick Arrive at the location rakasha said to pick up the item 
 dewdrop isn't sure if its the right place might be sketchy 
 embercap says its fine
 erick senese magic and his a bad feeling in his gut
embercap says you both  ready they both say yes
they enter the store spot wario he enters a backroom they continue there mission
embercap taps on the bell 
is this the front desk or 
i guess you can say that 
hello um me and two of my friends here came to pick up an item that umm uhh the rakasha ordeered 
oh okay ill get it  do you know what the name of the rakasha was 
dewdrop buys magical speed shoes while other toads look around while they wait
embercap thinks of something says there is five  witnesses here too under his breath 
he says we don't know the name of the person of whom were picking up for 
dewdrop says were there any other people that were rakashas that come here 
he says the church people 
the brings out three items 
balm of shifting form (one week old )
nine lives (sword)
wario sneaks up and steels the tome of evil while they talk 
bag of eyes 
erick says eww as he sees the eyes 
he says oh this one was ordered just a day ago and pulls out an evil talsimaine that is cursed 
they pick up the balm of shifting form 
he gives the toads a slip of paper 800 gold owed to them 
give it to the raksaha she will pay back 
he said wait were did the evil tome go?
they point to wario running donwstairs and chase after him they dont know who wario is 
the toads charge wario
wario opens the book laughing wahhahaa as he opens the book and says something in a unkown langauge
mage comes rushing in ice coming out of his hands freezing wario he breaks the ice instantly he laughed wahahaha
embercap grabs at wario tries to shake him as wario pushes him away wahaha as embercap falls to the ground 
erick sholder bashes wario into the wall shacking some of the undergrounds stones strucure 
dewdrop casts a shield on embercap
wario laughs time to turn the tables the hex a mage sneaks up puts a magical color spray in his eyes he screams my eyes waaaah
embercap tries snatching the book from him 
embercap grabs warios book wario grabs his arm he grabs at warios side they are deadlocked 
erick swings at wario the curse comes in causing him to miss 
wario says alright everyone time to go turns into a bat and flies away toads swing and miss him 
erick runs off after him and grabs a jar 
mages teleports upstairs 
embercap dashes and dewdrop does too
wario opens the book says kneel  erick kneels down 
dewdrop climbs the wall and jumps up the railing 
embercap uses the boots of speed to vroom over to wario
embercap realizes he dosen't see wario he asks a passerby shopkeper if he saw anyone suspious 
embercap ran right into war who attacked him with a bat bite he screams as his skin is torne threw 
erick says over here as he swings his hammer at wario 
with that embercap runs away
embercap reachers for a arrow in his inventory and can't find any arrows he reaches down for a rock only finds a smooth shiny rock 
he says were pretty much poor and keeps the rock wario gets away 
embercap throws the rock down in anger and stumbles back inside  
mage walks in says that book was alot of money who will pay for it now 
it was worth 20000 mushroom coins 
embercap feeling beaten up says dang it forget it we tried to catch him he is long gone 
20:06
mage offers the taods a place to say and puts a shield on embercap 
they say let us look around your store for a bit he says okay as they head downstairs 
dewdrop walks in multiple rooms as eager is healed by embercap 
a gambling room 
a room with the title reservations 
gaurd says rooms are full
a rakasha and gaurd come out of a room in back of the counter steamy they head to the bar dewdrop follows them 
the rakasha says he has a special broke room if they need a ploace to stay in the Luncheon Kingdom
#
11 21st higson
continue rakasha and hjumpik saga 
sparing match begins 
hjumpik  asks who the boss name is 
Thystle asks Saytr Cornovirus 
rakasha says this one does not speak the truth 
what you were lying 
i can smash you right there 
that was your mistake wasn't it  beleving me 
he says you want to know my actual name its sanderia  he grips his sword he is focusing 
since you lied i go first he rushes with his warhammer he blocks it as he rushes in gets a clean hit another swing and he parries it back 
rakashas duel she touches thorne he feels his green flower skin  melting he scerams in pain bleeding 
hjumpik says your going to kill him! 
rakasha says prehaps this was too much  
thorne puts down the shield and prepares his trident pulls it out 
mossy remis dog named by (hjumpik named her steely dosen't know its mossy)
mossy runs into  thorne he says stupid dog as the steel defender is shooed away
hjumpik is bashed with a shield he keeps his balacne 
hjumpik says is that all you got 
hjumpik smashes Thystle in the back he wistands it 
while hes distracted thystle hits him with his sword 
rakasha says time for the finishing touch thorne grabs her arm before she touches him and tackles her brigning her to the floor as they duel 
thorne say you focus on your own battle hjumpik says dang as he jams a tridant into the rakasha 
hjumpik roars he says nice hit fella its time for you to go down and swings his warhammer multiple times he uses his sword as a shield only one hits he laughs stabs hjumpik says this is how you really hit 
rakasha pushes him back  up the man is melting his flesh is bruning his friend calls of the battle says what the heck dude as he runs up to his dying fryiend notices his friends skin is burning asks hjumpik for help 
hjumpik says uhhh well rakashas going to not make him die 
raksaha says alright ill bring him to a proper medic and opens a portal he falls through with a spell
hjumpik says were did he go rakasha says to a proper medic 
he appears 5 mins later slowly breathing but not moving 
hjumpik says sorry rakasha says lets go calls her a nickname rack 
hjumpik hears an argument 
Musical whine (Herniva): "..DIDN'T TAKE IT! I DIDN'T TAKE YOUR STUPID ORB!"
Raspy howl (Stucky): "I KNOW YOU DID IT, THIEF! JUST ADMIT IT! GIVE IT BACK OR I'LL HAVE YOUR TAIL FOR STEW!"
Herniva: "YOU'RE CRAZY! LET ME LEAVE, YOU MANATEE!"
Stucky: "NO! NOT WITHOUT MY ORB! YOU STOLE IT—YOU SABOTAGED ME!"
rakasha approaches hjumpik stops her says listen 
Herniva's voice rises first, bright and musical but edged with petulance:
"—and I keep telling you, I don't WANT your gross salty pearl! What would I even DO with it? Polish my scales? Hang it on my coral wall next to the shipwreck trophies? You're delusional!"
A wet slap echoes across the pond—probably Stucky smacking the water in frustration. Her rasp cuts through next, low and venomous:
"You think I'm stupid, fish-girl? I had it when I came through the tunnel. We bumped heads, we tangled, and poof—gone. You were the only thing close enough to snatch it. And don't give me that innocent flutter-tail act; I know your kind. Pretty on the outside, rotten tricks on the inside."
Herniva lets out an exaggerated scoff that somehow manages to sound like tinkling glass breaking.
"Oh please. If I wanted to steal something, I'd take something actually worth having. Gold. Jewels. A handsome sailor who knows how to use his tongue. Not your creepy divination bauble that probably just shows you more ways to be ugly and miserable."
Stucky's laugh is a horrible wet gargle.
"Keep talking, princess. When I get my orb back I'm going to scry every second of your pampered little life until I find the exact moment you grabbed it. Then I'm going to shove it so far up your—"
hjumpik says woah what should we do arkasha both agree to sneak by 
rakasha says were entering a hedge maze here i don't suppose you have a compass do you my memory is a bit hazy 
hjumpik considers rining his Entropy Regulator Ring he decides against it 
they wander around hjumpik first asks if were going backwards 
16:49 time 
hjumpik says were at the start follow me instead she says ok 
they reach a crossroads rakasha says i think its down but magic to the west 
hjumpik agrees to check the magic first check for traps 
she says ah the midnight gate 
Hidden away in the easternmost corner corner of the maze under a handsome red maple is a small shrine that radiates with an ancient power that feels far older than the estate, older than magic itself, if such a thing were possible.

A humanoid stands upon a gray stone plinth, head adorned with a dangerous looking helm and dark wings extending from his back. In his hands he grasps a sharp scythe and his gemmed eyes glow with a purple light.

At the base of this statue is a swirling pool of water that reflects a chaotic sky of clouds and stars. In the space around this ancient altar the plants grow sickly and pale, colors leeched from their surfaces, and a sensation of sickness hangs in the air here.

they contpilate rakasha suggests rinigng the bell he does 
8 uses ring 3 uses bell 
he puts the ring next to it 
he hears static agent H what seems to be the problem 
so im at a little magical uhh thing that your able to use  is this were i leave 
i guess were you able to confirm the orange one is there 
he says oh im on the way there how do i activate it if i actually want to leave 
they say ring the bell just get orange 
youll get me after that 
they pause for a second say yeah well get you breahthy 
hjumpik thinks to himself its always with these smarty people forgetting about the little guy 
they say the ring is filling up entropy 24% were done here just get orange T 
they relay a intecepted message how did they get this from FNG 
The vessel isn't ready. At least, not yet.
Research has been slow and tuning the tethers has required much more effort than I ever could have imagined. Some of my undertakings have produced results so grotesque I dare not let them see the light of day— grim failures and an important warning of what might happen if my calculations are not precise.
I don't remember the last time I ate, perhaps I should emerge and rest. Clear my mind before I return so that I can retain my focus. I have been so engrossed with my efforts that when last I left the sanctum dear Usk told me that days had passed—I barely noticed.
Through all, he has been a truly faithful confidant and ally. I will gravely miss him when the time comes to execute my plan— I must arrange some method to shield him from
The page is torn below this point.
hjumpik says you knhow who that is right 
rakasha rants about physical magic being evil and only natrual magic is good for 10min
hjumpik puts his hand on her he says we have to go they will abnadon us here 
rakasha finds a tree with itnitials on it OC and OS (could it be sanderia and oragnus cornevius)
hjumpik stops and takes notes says dosen't want to see magic users again
they reach the main fountain see the outside of the house 
rakasha senses people they spot three gaurds they see the front of the manor  a hut to the left and a greenhouse to the right 

they decide to rest in the hut out the night rakasha prefelcty opens the door 
hjumpik warns rakasha about a beartrap  he uses the warhammer to push it away it won't budge 
he picks up a rock and throws it into the trap he misses rakasha does a rock it slams shut 
The hag's house is a circular room that is dark and dank, its every space is filled with unpleasantness. The wood floor is stained with blood, and cobwebs line the ceiling. Stairs in the corner lead up to a door, and another door sits across the room at floor level.

A large fireplace with a bubbling caldron sits against one wall, beside it is a table of spoiling food left to mingle with blood and slime, rendering all of it inedible.

At the center of the room as a round table with rotted brains sitting to molder on wooden plates. There are four chairs around the table, with a few extra rusting icon cages sit waiting for additional guests.
2040 is time 

hjumpik uses his warhammer to open the cage a corpse falls down bugs coming out of its eyeball 
what is this place man 
raksaha its tonights hotel 
hjumpik see the corpses have speark puncutores in them he checks upstairs 
rakasha looks in the 
This room is small and dirty, the floors and furniture is caked with filth and dried blood. The walls are damp and the air is thick with the smell of mildew. It is dark in this room, and the only light comes from a small on one of the walls and a small skylight overhead which isn't enough by itself.

Two chairs with stained red upholstery sit next to a table holding a book, forgotten cup of stale water, and skull with a candle atop it.

A huge bearskin rug in the middle of this room is matted and filthy, and a nearby iron cage sits empty, but the stench of blood and rotting flesh still lingers in the air around it. Across the room a tea cabinet leans against the wall, its surface covered in a thick layer of dust.

hjumpik checks the bedroom the stairs stained with blood he can't tell how long ago it is 
The Bedroom
The air in the room is close and stagnant, as though it has not been moved in some time. The windows are shuttered and the only light comes from a small fire burning in the grate.

The wardrobe is closed but cluttered, as though the owner cannot make up their mind about what to wear. The bed is unmade, the sheets and blankets in a tangled mess covered in suspect stains which continue onto the floor or vice versa.

he opens a draw finds fingers and clothes he checks the fingers 
rakasha checks the bedroom hjumpik says i thought that was everything 
Items available are: A loose bunch of Hempen Rope (50 ft.), seven Candles, a single Bedroll, a piece of Chalk, a vial of Antitoxin, and a vial of Acid

rakasha asks if you want to sleep in shifts 
as rakasha falls asleep
he hears a scream and the door open
its an hour
he hears talking and walking outside 
someone talking say its fine thank you for escorting me a old lady voice the door opens 
he hears pans and pots moving around 
i will go back to the party i have people to gaurd 
hjumpik says we got to leave 
time is 25:50
rakasha still asleep 
hjumpik notices the window if it opens glass shatters 
the hag cooks something rancid 
he raeches over rakashas sleeping body clock strikes 12 
the window is stuck near rakasha 
he hears who the hell are you too are you tonights diner 
he nears a voice no im not diner i didnt see anything 
hjumpik recgonizes a toads voice and heads downstairs 
he heads downtsairs sees toadlee and waluigi with a bleeding leg the bone is showing 
the witch says ill be taking my pray now as she grabs waluigi 
toad lee throws his sheild at her she says ow and lets go of waluigi 
toad lee says we thought this place look abandon 
she dosen't belive him 
give me one good reason that trap cost alot of money you know 
toad lee says can you show me how she says of course toad lee runs picks up his shieeld 
she tells him to delatch the trap now click the activator button in the middle to activate it and set it up again 
toad lee quickly moves his hand as it almost gets chopped off 
the hag says tsk 
hjumpik enters so you lick picking on small people huh 
she says yes picking them as food i like playing with my food  
you disgusit me
the conversation continues 
you think i didn't hear you and your cat upstairs 
how do you know its a cat 
i heard a cat snoring 
she picks up toad leee as they talk places him in a cage with waluigi 
hjumpik readys his  waraxe says put him down she releases him like a toy 
they negotaite 
whats in it for me why should waluigi be free
you open the cage and we leave 
she says fine ill open the do-
a scream is heard toad lee unlocked the cage waluigi is being dragged by him blood is across the floor
your lucky she says 
can't you fix him 
yes i have a antitoxin in my room let me get it 
you mean this 
she balls her hands into fist her eyes buldging out they are red 
you went in my room? did you take anyhting else 
i think i left something in your room he says 
she says ill bring you to get it 
he says he wants to go alone 
she says she will search him if any item,creature , potion that comes out of it 
he says fine 
he wakes up rakasha 
we have to leave fast 
she says huh okay im not fully rested but okay  time is 3AM
they open a window glass pours out the hag rushes up they both jump out into the leaves below well be on our way they say
they regroup at the front entrance ah you made it out alive
they say great the hag appears at the front door opens it they all yell run and run into the forest they run threw bushes over hedges and they reach the greenhouse 
the door locks behind me as toad lee says are those faires 
A riot of color and life fills this large greenhouse from floor to ceiling. Ferns, flowers, mushrooms, and other strange plants that you have never seen before grow in seven large planters spread around the room. The floor is alive with grass and ivy, and the air is thick with pollen.

Though several panes of glass in the frame that makes up the walls and ceiling are missing, enough remains that the space retains a marked warmth and humidity intrinsic to a growing space such as this.

Well armed sprites flit about the room, tending to the plants or on patrol.

time is 4AM
#############
22nd 4:10AM
markop talks to the toads 
"How do you guys feel after the transportation"
....
Eager says uhh i am sorry what are you asking me for i just follow people i am follow you what do you think markop
I think we should follow them 
you do make a good point but i am kinda hurt ar-
just stay in the back 
i hate to take the intative salam says but i will help you
he notices blood in staff room and brigtly lit so vampires can be in pain 
markop notices voices 
he heads down to the main hall he finds gaurds everywhere main hall every corardor 
he enters 
This expansive foyer is spotless, the black and white marble tiles glinting with reflections of the foyer's gently flickering lamps. The unsteady orbs try almost vainly to light this space, leaving a dim purple light to navigate by. A pair of grand staircases dominate the far wall, leading up to the second floor of the manor.

A pair of benches covered in plush red velvet sit on either side of the entrance, while to the east and west sit large double doors with ornate iron handles that lead to other spaces. Finally, between the stairs a broad hallway extends for nearly eighty feet, leading off to yet more rooms.

At the center of the foyer is a wine colored rug and resting atop it is a circular table with a strange, sickly-smelling flower, a guestbook, and an inkwell holding a fine pen.

the guest book says 
esteemed guest archie miser honored guest toadburt 
eager says i dont know why archie is here maybe something about the ritual maybe we can ask him 
he asks a gaurd have you see a girl with a halo a angel 
whats it to you 
there a friend 
as they talk eager finds a secerit passage he wispers to markop to follow him 
gaurds say authoerizing personal only another gaurd heads over why you going through our walls thats bat transport only 
he sees usk in the secerit passage he says to the gaurd that guys not a bat 
what theres someone in there 
the gaurd says well split up do a pincer 
markop heads up the corador he sees usk they talk a bit 
he says what are you doing 
he says take a look
he sees remi fighitng headless dancers 

he sees remi 
what are you doing 
we were trying to be sneaky next thing i know i couldnt be sneaky 
whats happening right now who are oyu fighitng 
those people 
markop asks do you know what was even going on here 
that dosen't matter now
whats going on here markop calls out to the gaurds and headless dancers 
this ghost tried to posses my guy 
they get in an argument 
that plan didn't go to plan we came up with ap lan to do something 
is that bad 
yeah he tried to possese me and go into my body 
it would be a shame if he did it again 
why did you do that 
it was remis idea 
cant we all just appologize go our seprate ways 
no its in our natre thats what ghosts do we haunt things possess stuff 
markop tells the ghost to come to him 
the ghost flies by  
gaurds chance 
markop blocks says can we not fight 
20 midland coins 
fine 
they pay 
he pays 20 gold 
8:08 AM
fine one more condition 
we want to arrest him 
point to usk 
possesion of notes we want him before the mages guild gets him 
remi lets the gaurds pass as they surrend them they arrest usk 
all gaurds leave Perrius Annmatar takes control of room 
well thats great what now 
maybe we could listen in 
they send eager out to sneak out 
eager gets caught shoved into a closet 
sneaks out into a bathroom 
markop and co come to door they creak open door a gaurd is stanidng infront of the door whats your name 
im a friend of archie 
oh yoru on the list look at that one seat left come sit down 
have you seen eag- 
come please seat
ill be right back 
markop closes door 
heads back into toads 
markop tells salam to stay back me and remi will go in 
Perrius Annmatar comes up to markop says i know we just met but you know the plan remi told  you right 
remi do you remember 
uhh i dont know 
i need you to fake kill the host of this house 
i dont know why isn't he evil 
no he is benevelont 
isn't  he a vampire 
yeah 
i dont want to be severed blood 
9:48 
they head in 
salam says find eager for me 
they open the door 
gaurd escorts them in 
remi takes the only open seat 
why are you here archie 
there is this house and we were told were guests and i dont know just for curiiosity sake 
bowser says humpy can take care of himself were on a post base he calls me humpy i call him the boss 
were pretty close don't judge im here for a party hahahaha
gaurd take orders 
asks markop if want anything to eat or drink we took orders two hours ago  
that long
the host wants to take it slow 
he looks depressed 
he is sad thinks people will kill him but dont worry we will gaurd his life that wont happen 
so anyhting you want 
remi says i found candy i found outside i want to share it with you (its the posion) 
huh really the gaurd asks thanks he pockets it 
he goes into another room after taking the orders 
markop asks remi when did you get candy 
well this candy is uhh meant for the vampire toad up there he looks very stressed people are trying to kill him so maybe some cnady ought to ease his nerves 
as long as your just trying to cool his nerves thats fine 
oriacle starts making speech 
bowser intrupts weres my food i want food now 
im king of the table let me talk 
i want my dragon egg mustard rise roast beef and meat and boneless wings extra hot 
archie says dont eat too much of it we dont know were the food came from or is safe to eat 
the oriacle says its time to eat now 
bowser says this egg is made of eat this is why i dont listen to small fry like you take your food back 
remi and markop are given cut up citrus 
archie gets roast beef bowser complains
markop notices the food is not citrus but its not posiioness 
archie taste tests the roast beef he tastes blood mixed into it 
he says  the food here is it edable 
yes it is 
archie eats 
the oriacle says now is there a reason your not on the list 
remi says got lost in mail 
markop said looking for friends a purple guy  with a reverse L on there hat 
archie says looking for friends 
have yous een a guy named green T 
hes on the list 
he is on the list 
the waiter comes back with a candy cake to give to bowser 
oh well it does look pretty tasty but i dont htink i asked for i dont think i ordered desert 
yeah well the desert i eat is uhh let me htink 
bowser thinks for a bit
archie spots green T and eager sneaking out screams HEY STOP 
gaurds swarm green t and eager doors close they are surrunded 
god damn it archie i told you i was going to sneak out 
markop spots toadburt fiddling with his ring 
archie gets up from his seat 
markop says eager is with me i don't know what this place is i want to take my friends and leave 
i second that eager is not an intruder 
archie is surrneded what will it be this toad or you 
he says me they start arresting him 
bowser interjects huh i was thinking 
just arrest the one that looks more punchable 
i say you archie three eyed you
green t sneaks out 
archie says thats enough bowser i can handle this 
oh you think you can handle it 
oh okay im kinda pissed i dont have my food 
eager is escorted outside 
the food is served  13 24 
remi says to the head of the table 
so why do you fear about being killed 
archie says candy?
oriacle says gaurds fetch a candy for archie 
they head to fng she gives the candy than to archie 
archie dosen't eat the candy he asks what do you all thinks 
majorty say okay one says stupid one says annoying two are hauled off by the oriacle (joseph jo and david)
he offers markop the empty seat 
markops turn to talk he asks the oraicle 
to force convergence. Too many threads were moving independently: the party, the Mage’s Guild
Archie was invited  because Archie has already crossed a threshold most people don’t realize exists. Archie has interfered with long-running power structures without belonging to any of them. No Guild seal. No Hand mark. No noble lineage. That makes him statistically impossible… and therefore interesting
final question hjumpik 
14:49 
bowser talks to the host 
so you whats your name 
ORANGUS CORNELIOUS
uhh so what are you doing in this here uhh far off place why are you here 
Orangus is losing control of Autumnwood. The heir is present. The child is present. The archivist of the Onyx Hand is present. A Mage’s Guild observer is present. When old monsters host dinners, it’s because succession is in play—and succession attracts knives.
Right now, I suspects Archie is a match that doesn’t realize it’s burning.
archie says i know i did something wrong but im trying to corerct my path 
he says than hand over your candy 
are you sure? 
bring him in 
the doors open usk enters 
#
hjumpik in the green house 
rakasha examines plants says she hasnt seen any of them before says may be oofshots of regal breeds 
hjumpik tends to waluigis wounds gives him an anti toxin 
fairies still dont notice them toad lee gaurds waluigi and hjumpik asks rakasha for help heraling she says maybe the faires know 
hjumpik calls over a faires 
Visitors in the greenhouse!
Welcome to the greenhouse, strangers! Who might you be?
you didnt notice us?
no we didnt 
even that big cat over there and that big guy 
oh the toad and rakasha 
so this oragnus corenilous runs the manor 
i don't know any oragus cornelius 
isnt he orange 
yes
so wouldnt you say its the right now his name is orangeus cornelus 
no 
were is he 
oh he is in the man-
wait tell him about 
The Tour! The TOUR!" excitedly as the trio shepherds the party around the room. Flit explains

This is just a small part of our groundskeeping operation. We sprites tend to the forest maze, the dreaming tree clearing, the greenhouse, the library, and anything else that grows on the grounds. We also double as auxiliary defense for the grounds in times of need.

She nods as a pair of hovering figures clad in tight leather wielding tiny swords dart past, they bob mid-air in a formal salute as they pass.

"See?"

The little sprites flit about, showing the many plants and herbs and oddities growing in the greenhouse while discussing their work for the manor.

hjumpik says skip the tour and gives them 5 copper he dosent have copper says he will overpay and hands him one silver 
they offer him a mushroom he says no 
toad lee takes it says he can use it to make potions 
the sprites go towards toad lee says let us go to the purple one
waluigis bone heals the skin mends together as he screams in pain than a little scar appears and its healed 
toad lee calls him a baby cant he grunt it out 
rakasha says she senses danger coming we either ambush or flee like cats in the night 
the faires say oh we didnt intrudce everyone yet they start to intrudce everyone 
waluigi goes uncosure the door is banigng THIS IS THE MANOR GAURD OPEN UP 
hjuimpik and rakasha rush out toad lee is dragging waluigi they breach the door faires continue reading out names 
they continue reading gaurds rush toad lee drags waluigi outside the back exit rakasha grabs both of them into a bush 
gaurds catch hjumpiki and waluigi and rakasha 
what did i do 
what do you want from me 
why are you trespassing on faires ground 
I was told to go here 
by who 
the dragon 
oh those poeple 
i need to see the owner of the manor 
why
they told me too 
fine come with us than 
they follow toad lee trails them behind 
they reenter the greenhouse faires still reading out names of other fairies 
hjumpik looks behind him waluigi practicing fire magic he claps his hands putting out the fire 
he waits as the rakasha and gaurds continue 
waluigi stops him says going to the boss is dangerous 
they pass gaurds arugining saying you have to look behind you to make sure 
9:44AM
hjumpik says waluigi you coming 
i guess need two heads are better than one 
they approach the gaurd 
he leads them to the door says go to 
The north end of the house provides comfortable outdoor seating, its broad stone patios are cracked and worn, but relatively clean of debris. The stone railings are being consumed by encroaching plant life, a mixture of out of control shrubbery and creeping vines.

A few loungers sit together with tables and refreshments, allowing guests to relax and view the grounds if they like.

hjumpik suspects archie is at the party 
asks why not front door they openm it to a private room here a bartender say guest left a bit ago
they say its a party about a capture from someone important the main host is having they lead him under a tree he is very suspisous 
waluigi tell hjumpik dont worry i got your back
just like you got your foot stuck in the thing 
hjumpik approaches the manor expecting archie instead he sees 
This long, rectangular room was once used for grand banquets and celebrations, but now has been transformed into a hellish display of violence, gore, gluttony, and filth.

At some point the eastern walls gave way, likely due to encroaching roots and the huge trees that now break through the remnants of stone and mortar, leaving the room open to the elements.

The center of the room is taken up by long tables, covered in gross, rotten food that could only be called that if one's definition were exceptionally loose. A long, stained carpet runs the length of the room and is stained and worn to the point that destroying it would be a mercy.

Kegs line the walls, and numerous braziers provide unsteady light. The ceiling is high thanks to the upper floors having long been removed by some unknown prior events.
he calls out to the orange toad 
and a orange toad  says he is the heir of Lady Aurelian Corvinarus a gaurd is in between them as they talk
oh wow what are you doing so close to the entrance  
toad lee says there looking for someone 
the Lady Aurelian Corvinarus heir toad invites them in he does 
hjumpik says lets keep moving 
gaurds say to talk to the gaurds out front 
hjumpik asks a gaurd if they can lead him he thinks as much as i dont want to follow this guy he might know were the others are possibly as they decide if they go around or follow gaurd 
going around 
hjumpik asks the child if he can bring him to the leader of the manor he says he might be busy but we can try to get em for ya 
waluigi says have you seen the beast woman lately 
hjumpik says oh yeah i dont know were she is actually they realize she is gone as they were distracted 
he looks at the ground spots 7 footsteps
him 
waluigi
toad lee 
gaurd x2
but why 7 
he asks the heir if he seen a tiger lady that is a nerd and loves nature he leaves to follwo her  
talks to gaurd this party is all for one guy 
yes its a big catch itll be revealed by desert
he comes back with a nacked tiger lady says she loves nature and is a nerd 
he says you can go back as she goes back 
hjumpik heads back with the group 
sees Perrius Annmatar
why do you always hide when people are around 
well you found the ring did you tell them they had a heir to the cornvrus tree so you can sever  it 
how do you know all this are you watching me 
says why do you get out of this 
kill all the heir not the main one make one severe the family tree so no heirs fake kill the two oriacles 
i just want to leave 
go call the mages guild if you want to leave they will take just you 
tells the Perrius Annmatar to search the manor for the master he phases through the wall 
he peers into the kitchen  
they hear someone say were selling stuff
hear talk about a reveal 
feeding things to it 
its horrifying a person complains about meat not being fresh they bring in a dead body 
they say howd he die from the drinks 
no from the food 
hjumpik says oh no as he ducks down from it 
This strange being is an amalgamation of mouths and limbs, a horrific avatar of gluttony and debauchery. It is an ephemeral red haze that lingers in the air, roiling and undulating in horrible fashion.

Staring at for more than a moment stirs a horrible, unnatural hunger in the pit of one's stomach, and reveals a chaos of motion in its ephemeral form — a sea of half-formed images: Hands grasping flesh, claws slitting throats, fanged mouths gnawing through its own muscle and sinew, or crying out in ecstasy in response.

It is has no true beginning or end, it is The Revel.

waluigi calls out to them look a hallway he moves a chair they see a window a goblin staff leaning against a wall rakasha footsteps go down a hallway 
time is 15 26 23rd higsun 
toad lee heads to the lounge they saw eaerlier with th bar tender he knocks on the door 
he opens the door a goblin gaurd 
toad lee introduces himself and says we heard a archie miser is attending a party that was being contrsutioned from a invention we are his friend 
he gets out a notepad 
we dont have a archie miser here 
nothing you have any guests 
we took him to the theater 
what about the lord 
looks like HE likes to party hard 
hjunpik dosen't notice the insight takes a long time thinking realizes that he said 
why did you call him a he instead of a she
oh...... shoot 
who was this guest oh yours 
we dont have a name but we have a paw mark he hands him a paper with a paw mark on it 
the beastfolk is in the backroom 
was it a girl 
no it was a guy 
hjumpik says are you sure can you take us to him 
he asys wait in the lounge while he gets gaurds 
This large L-shaped lounge is cozy and inviting, with worn but well cared for furnishings. Several walls feature wall-length bookshelves holding countless books for guests to peruse.

A long carpet running the main length of the room, and over it are four small loungers with accompanying side tables. They are all arranged to watch a small stage with a piano and a standing harp, ready for impromptu performances.

In another corner is a messy bar, stocked with an impressive selection of drinks, two giant kegs on stands, and enough seating for eight. A goblin staffer mans the bar, ready to serve whatever guests ask for, free of charge.

the bartender offers them something strong something brew and something brandy hjumpik takes something strong 
he keeps it 
he comes back in goblin gaurd he says all gaurds are busy tells them to follow him they obey and follow him to a door 
hjumpik opens it 
The northeast alcove features a central, flat 'stage' where sprites and goblins congregate to reenact stories and plays from the library's books. The stage is nearly 15 feet wide, and would be ten feet deep altogether if the northern center of the stage weren't occupied by a small plinth atop which a book is often placed for reading aloud.

The outer five feet of the room is occupied by sprite-sized stone riser benches for sitting and observing the performances, with just enough space for other creatures to move between them with care.
18:09 23rd of higsun 
#
orangus corenilous says he will collect paper you have 4 minuets to discuss than right names on the paper i collect  he leaves the room 
markop asks toadburt what the thing on wrist 
oh its just a thing that stablizes things  uhh not important 
really whats that ring 
its a friendship braclet 
really why are you touching it then 
he is slamming it alot 
the moment green t got caught too 
...
maybe its an off like a switch 
he clicks it 
it glows purple entropy slowly builds...
markop thinks its weird 
archie talks to the archivist 
your volsto the archivist right 
no Vostolas equeuse me 
what are you an archivist of 
the onyx hand the manor 
do you have any books i can see 
i have this book right here but its a work in progress
whats the last thing you remember 
like? 
do to cirucsumstances on my end i dont know if this is real or not how long were you a archivist for 
321 years 100 mins twenty seconds 
markop asks if he is with green T 
he says no 
archie gets up leaves his seat and goes over toadburt 
markop gets up goes up to the spawn begins talking 
Kryn butts in says its a vampire spawn 
reveals he is the oriacles brother in lore 
markop doesn't belivei him but they sit close
archie tlaks to toadburt 
hes got another plan 
who archie asks 
for you were going to blow up this place 
well get rid of the oriacle 
green t is in the cabnit over there 
he will shoot the oriacle from there 
archie sticks to his gut he clearly saw green T leaving the room he denys it 
archie says if he is there what is he going to do 
get the party started 
The Real Darman clears his throat. 'I notice there are TWO of me on the guest list. Curious.'
archie asks franklin hey umm equese me your with the mages guild right 
yes
i guess you in the other mansion while we werer present right 
maybe
you notice any diffrence in the masnion magically speaking 
yes 
i did 
specificly on a plane level 
my question is the other mages guilds are aweare of these planes 
we wouldnt be here if we weren't 
what are you here for 
to observe for now 
what do you do aside from observing 
...
what does your leader intend to do 
i think you will see it on the paper you get 
markop continues talking 
can i have your name please kyrn asks 
mark with a C if you will markop says 
markop thinks to himself with kyrn his real name 
markop heards to Vaxillus Loumaal he asks who was that guy that he talked to he said kyrn 
they talk more 
Vaxillus Loumaal can't bring himself to abandon venssia he got dogs at a young age wants to leave the manor 
they had a star guest of the eveening there probably going to kill him 
talk to venessa next 
reveals she is the first in line to take the household 
Darius Corvinarus. “For that I heard of this good man, in the end he was as selfish and cruel as any other. His death was overdue.”

Ylana Corvinarus. “She was ever my critic, ever a ball and chain around my beloved Kryn’s neck. It is good she is gone.”

Elscieth Corvinarus. “A mewling and hapless little woman with no ambitions, she does not deserve half of what she has.”

Byscilla Corvinarus. “I am frankly shocked that Elscieth could find a man that could stand her presence long enough to give her a child. I am sure she will turn out just as painfully irrelevant as her mother.”

Usk the Butler. “He does not like me, and that is a pity as I find him quite fetching. I will enjoy his presence for as long as Kryn permits it, which I suspect won’t be long given how unsteady he has become.”

Vostolas the Librarian. “I dislike the presence of this devil, it is not often I have to compete with another for someone’s attention, and he has quite an unfair advantage when it comes to Kryn. Worse, I dislike how he looks through me.”

Lyranth the Sculptor. “My darling pet, her creations are each beautiful and unique. She owes everything to me, and I am glad she does not forget that fact.”

Tymnas the Groundskeeper. “Looking upon the moping groundskeeper depressed me, but I cannot argue his effectiveness.” 

Vaxillus Loumaal. “My beautiful gem, he is my greatest accomplishment in this life and there is nothing I would not do for him. It troubles me greatly that he and Kryn cannot get along. I hope that in time they will be able to see eye to eye.”

Kryn Corvinarus. “My beloved lord, he is my savior and greatest champion. I owe so much to him that I am sure I could not repay him even if we live a dozen lives. He supports me in every endeavor and worries only for my happiness. I could not ask for more.”

reveals she was bitten by orangus corenilous sees him as a father markop says your not really a daughter your a kidnapee 
she denys and isnists she is the daughter 
asks her age 
107 years old 
who do you like most at this table 
my father of course
at this table 
she points to archie 
didnt you meet him today 
yes but we spoke for 1k years 
why is the observe here isnt this a private event 
well id be sad to leave him outside no 
24th highson 00:36
archie opens a door to the kitchen can you help a waiter of ours was posined 
oh so he ate the candys....
you know about the candy 
waiters gaurds everyone gather round archie 
archie says he needs to protect toadburt 
he says sorry i don't know due to me being vigilant i was able to notice 
Orangus returns with papers 
archie opens a closet 
green t says he will signial them start fighitng and during the fight they will sneak out he thinks all alliances here are shaky 
markop quickly passes by archie wispers 
what did you find out
i found out that the archivist works for orangus corenilus and records everyhting including what i am saying to him right now similar to the mages guild 
so he is a lawyer?
not so much lawyer but archivist he works for this guy and by exention the onyx hand i dont know how poerful he is 
thats as far as i remember....
he wisepers green t will give me a signal he will do osmething it will result in a all out brawl
is this good? aren't they vampire 
he says they dont have loyality to each other he thinks we can stay or flee 
i mean....
alright 
less important i think i can take the mages guild on 
here is the shocker potentially were going to fight orangus corenialus 
..
archie says im commited to killing our oriacles wish which means we should kill corenelius 
im open to objections 
...
markop explains the things he learned everything says the toad guy was pressing something on his wrist and acting weird 
archie says i noticed that too i should have stolen the watch when i had the chance 
until then lets get this party started 
did you learn any names who should we vote for 
i talked to the mage guy he didn't give me a name 
archie says he will vote for the archivist 
markop says he will vote for corenialus
so you think voting is good i dont know 
ill vote with you than 
okay maybe hell get a raise or something who knows 
they both vote for Vostolas
he realizes knightly is there twice 
"The table goes silent. Orangus slides the crystalline knife across the mahogany towards Archie. It hums with malice. 'You claim to be a guest, Darman... or whoever you are,' Orangus hisses. The REAL Darman leans forward, watching intently. 'But the table sees you as a cancer. You have two choices: Carve the traitor Usk to earn your seat, or offer your own hand to the blade. Choose quickly.'"
Blank Vote██ 2
Archie (as Darman)███ 3
Franklin (Mages Guild)██ 2
Vostolas██ 2
Usk (Prisoner)██ 2
Orangus Cornelious██ 2
Green T██ 2
Bowser██ 2
Kryn Cornelious█ 1
Toadburt█ 1
Vivesna Corvinarus█ 1
archie cuts off usks finger 
he screams in pain slowly dies in the arms of the gaurds 
markop sees archie eating a  A single, fresh human eye. It blinks at him.
ey see toadburt is servered a empty plate with a bleeding Iron Legion badge.
he says oh great crambery sause 
a shot rings someone screams GAURDS
the oriacle lay down flat slimped over the table green T behind him a gun smoking barrel in hand 
chaos archie gets up and waits to see what happens 
bowser roars fire going everywhere 
kyrn begins sucking on orange ts neck 
markop tells fng its time to leave 
heads to the hallway 
he tells the toads we have to go as gaurds rush into the room 
Vivesna is laughing i win! i win! 
they all storm in vampires tell bowser to stopo 
vvensa runs up to archie 
whats going on 
oh her voice grows deep she takes a wig off reveals its a guy vivian Man  of Shadow  he tricked the orangus and now im the new heir even though i was just a thrawll 
oh your a crossdresser than 
...
archie shouts WE HAVE A TRAITOR EXPOSED HIMSELF TO ME THIS LADY HERE IS NOT THE HEIR ITS A THRAWLL CROSSDRESSING AS THE ERRIS APPREAHEAD HIM IMMEDIANTLY
the chaos is too much noone hears you 
franklin heads to get the entropy ring back 
he walks away archie tries to chase after gaurds block him 
archie jumps on table green t calls out to him archie is way 
archie follows him through a window green T pulls him out he falls on rose bush 
maybe killing him was a bad idea 
toadburt asks is this bad 
archie says the oiracle said it so we finished our job we killed him no turning back now 
what kind of bullet did you shoot 
silver 
it was quite old though 
magic enchantments
none 
keep your wits about you he may or may not be dead 
we need to go inside to resuce the toads 
are you sure there rounding everyone up for questioning 
archie says first we gather everyone than we look around to find our main guys 
archie sees toads in windows wispers guys im alright but im splitting up for now we should regroup somewhere else 
he dosen't know if they noticed 
so archie does your third eye do anything no its just cosmetic 
Around the great shadow estate there are bone white paths of paving stones hemmed in by fine gray brickwork. These walkways travel from the front of the house to the large courtyard behind it, each one spotless and pristine except for a sprinkling of faded crimson petals, and stiff, stony gray leaves from the surrounding flora.
A great bowl of gray stone rises up from the walkway, at its base are four smaller basins, and at its center is an octagonal column of slate rising from the rippling water. Stood atop the column is a beautiful statue of a young woman. She holds a bowl aloft in one hand, while a pitcher held in her off-hand pours water from a pitcher into the basin.
its vivian 
archie says huh looks like he was loyality 
archie leaves the statue with 3 gold coins 
they come to the entryway 
The manor is in fine condition compared to the ruin you saw when you first arrived. The once crumbling sandy stone is replaced with immaculate gray slate, and its once collapsing roofs are replaced with rows of flawless jet black tiles. The numerous windows set into the façade are now obscured by dark curtains which betray a ruddy red glow of light within, but make it impossible to see what is transpiring within.

Where once these planters were filled with dead plants and overgrown weeds, now they brim with unnatural blooms resting on charcoal black stems sporting huge, curved thorns that look like raptor talons. The grass and hedges appear to be neatly trimmed but deprived of all color, with leaves of gray and branches of coal black wood. Every leaf and blade of grass seems to hold shadows more readily than natural, and lends the grounds the look of a place scorched by fire.

Beyond the hedges a heavy wrought-iron fence rises up, protecting the grounds from interlopers.


we can leave now you know its an exit 
archie says he wants to check something lets head to the airship and we will come back 
they begin the long treck green t dosen't question how far it is 
24th higsun ---> 27th higsun 
are you sure its okay to abadnon the party 
i thought the airship was closer
they reach a town enter a store  
you think this place has good food 
so long as you don't steal it 
they head into a restruant do you have anything for 10 gold 
we only accept midland coins 
can we have rations 
i have seen your face before do i know you 
ehh i dont know 
whats your name 
im sorry who wants to know 
they give him a fish on the house 
green t orders a drink he sips on beer archie eats the weird fish 
archie notices something in the cornor of his eye 
thats staff only sorry 
archie sees a magpie flying around him he looks at it 
it swoops down almost hits green t but only he notices it 
what those guys said concerned me 
before the vampire thing we were in a vacant mannor we did a ritual jumped inside it than 
i wanted proof that were on the same timeline or not 
how would we be able to tell 
i don't know 
alright i guess 
anything you want before we leave 
picks up an apple from a vacant fruit stand 
unless there are weapons no 
there are some here he picks up a war pick 
i think that belongs to someone archie says 
green t pockets it 
you need a mele weapon archie asks 
he pulls out his pistol green t 

27 higsun ---- 29 higsun 
archie runs into a old abandon infermary poring rain they close the door and archie asks to rest for a second.
#Here is the text reorganized by timeline and category, keeping your exact wording as requested. Note that there was no text provided for "Shadeward (Markop & Co)" in this specific block, so I have categorized the available text into Peach Loyalists (Bryan) and Feyward (Hjumpik & Co).

CATEGORY: PEACH LOYALISTS / TOAD LIBERATION (Bryan's Side Mission)

Timeline: ???? (Unknown Time)
Location: Prison Island / Forgotten Temple

The Arrival & The Riot
bryan pov the god toad sent him to a town to deliver a star shard
iron legion soldiers run past bryan
bryan says NO stay here and grabs a gaurd with his hands
undergournd city near the Forgotten Temple of the Stars
The vine-choked ruins of a temple dedicated to celestial worship. Its architecture is unlike any known culture, and its chambers are said to be aligned with the constellations.
i need to ask you a question
if you answer my question ill release you
what do you know about the temple of the fallen star fragment
should be nearby but why
i am the only one asking questions
this is a SLAVE prision island you don't understand why do you want to go there
listen there is a prision riot i got to get out of here there escaping
fine im releasing you bryan steals the guys shields
priisoners come storming towards them bryan hides and fails other guy runs
you
are you with the legion
bryan says hamm
were did you get that shield
no i just have this shield i am a wanderer i found this sheild here for protection
eyes narrow
hmm
i dont have time for this which way did those legion members go
bryan points to the direction they went
a large giant comes out
woah bryan says
whats going on here
we are going to free this whole island we are not longer a prision
bryan thinks to himself sees an oppurinity hey gaurds ill help you out with your mission and you can help with mine
fine help them over there me and the gaurd captin will handle the runners

Grilly's Bar Incident
bryan heads over to a mage and spy banging on a door introduces himself they say help them breach and clear it a sign reads grillys bar
bryan works his magic he truns the door nob
hmm it is locked
...
bryan swings his axe and chops the door handle
he looks trhough the handle
sees gaurds evacuating children and families out of the bar (this is a prision colony were they all prisioners?)
bryan says there are kids inside and woman and children
they both say they know there part of the problem they created this whole system prision colony we need to rid the flith and bring the new
they look inside they look back at you emotionless
innocent there part of the problem
them existing there a threat to being complacent
complacent in what
this whole prision colony system
if there not with us there against us
bryan sighs reluctantly alright i here you
he takes a step towards the door
and another step
and another
than grabs the mage and tosses him
the other gaurd tries to grab him bryan rushes towards the gaurd on the floor his wand next to him next to Molten Iron and Slag
the mage burns in the lava says i hate you as he burns his staff now in bryans hand
bryan heads back to the building sees dead gaurds all civilians evacuated
the fight starts another gaurd is the in cornor with the legion
the other gaurd says i trusted you
i do not take part in killing people sorry
he chops the gaurds arm off
gaurd slashes bryans chest
bryan attacks the other gaurd clinks his armour
gaurd doges and runs away into the destroyed building
bryan is alone he taps the legion gaurd looking out into the magma the gaurd falls with a splat into the floor
bryan hides he hears someone coming
show yourself i know your there bryan its rebellion
bryan wonders how this person knows his names but he dosen't want to find out he scurrys away

The Temple of the Stars
bryan arrives at the shrine
so this is the place
bryan heads towards the light source of the room
he chucks a rock into the ocean it splashes than he looks down at it on the floor
he stands and treds in water
he sees a man bryan braces himself
your here to worshop the shine sprites too?
something like that im here for umm exploration to siezes treasure i take it the light source behind you is one of the tresures
yeah but that dosent mean you can have it
your the one who protects this
yes
bryan says neat whats those clasped hand statues
its marios glove he says holding a power shard

CATEGORY: FEYWARD MANOR (Hjumpik, Waluigi, Toad Lee, Rakasha)

Timeline: 24th Higsun - Evening to Late Night

The Play Ends & The Library (18:13)
the play ends
hjumpik says what are you doing in here he wispers
oh its a lovely play i just HAD to see it
we have a mission you know right
rakasha is giddy
oh that was a wonderful play do you want to go shopping again
come on lets go she tugs hjumpiks arms super storng he cant even resist it
taod lee grabs waluigis arms and pulls him into hiding
rakasha says were in the library now she is happy
hjumpik thinks shes acting a bit weird
a sprite flies overhead oh you were at the greenhouse can you help me oragnize the books
im not a libraryian
your not be we are
whats your leaders name
Aurelian Corvinarus
do you know were they are
no
why not
the conversation contniues as toad lee makes way for the leaving playgowers
they head to hjumpik
24th higsun 18:13
a fairy stops them oh a toad do you speak sylvian
no just english
The library looks to have seen better days, as most of its flooring has rotted and collapsed away to bare joists and foundation stonework. What remains of the flooring is shored up and supported by huge coiling tree roots breaking through stonework below. At the west end of the room are three massive trees, though one of them is distinctly strange, seeing as it has a humanoid face and arms, and is presently writing in a book. On the ground a small team of goblin servants tend to the stacks, ferrying books to and from the great immobile librarian. Among its great boughs are numerous little sprites flitting about, tending to dozens of hanging fruit, some of which looks like books. Much of the northern walls of this room have collapsed, leading to additional spaces, though at first glance they don't appear to be entirely library related.
This massive animated tree is rooted in the feyward manor's library, where he works with a small team of sprites and goblin house staff to maintain the archives. Immobile, he sits at the center of the library, where he can reach out with long bough-like arms to reach any corner of the room. His roots are deeply embedded into the floor, walls, and bookcases, and he maintains enough movement over them to allow him rearrange the library's layout as he desires. His leaves are a rich golden-red of autumn, and books hang from his branches as if having grown there. Strange and brightly colored birds flit in and out of the library, roosting in his canopy and chirping news to their placid host.
waluigi grabs a book to read the whole shelf falls down on him
toad lee helps pick up the books
the fairy thanks toad lee for helping says go over to woodfellow and go tell him prixie sent you
toad lee says hes good thank you though
rakasha walks off toad lee tries to stop her grabs her hand he lets go as she is too strong he lets go
hjuumpik says little toad she us unatrually strong today is there something wrong with her
the play must have been a magical experince for her like her all time favriote and shes still in bliss
they talk about theroies about the oraicle
faires fly above them toad lee says faires they begain to walk hjumpik yells rakasha name
he sounds low shh its a library
he cant scream here

The Foyer & The Vines
they head to the foyer
This grand entry way is dominated by a massive tree which grows out of a massive stone planter barely large enough to contain its trunk. Coiled around this tree is a stone statue of a toad with its greater feathered wings spread out over the foyer. Great, gnarled roots have crawled out of the planter and now offer to catch the feet of anyone not paying attention to where they step. The walls are adorned with paintings and tapestries, while the ceiling is crisscrossed with encroaching ivy and vines from the floor above, all of blooming with countless bright and strange flowers.
hjumpik avoids the vines launches himself over the vines says its dangerous grabs toad lee does a flip
waluigi walks over the vines a twig snaps
hjumpik has a feeling this has something to do with someone he met before
he thinks back to the sleeping dragon from eralier
the statue says the wooded giant
waluigi says what if we burn it down find a hidden treasure under the tree
toad lee says denied
people come in and out
toad lee picks furit waluigi says he senses magic all over natrual magic not from a school
toad lee says like a fairy tale
hjumpik says this place is a bit deeper than we think

The Investigation (Parlor & Outside)
more people pass them
he follows one opens the parlor door
asks them questions
why are you here
i was invited
how long has this party been going on
he responds with how big is the revel again?
he says you know the owner of the manor
yeah he is right here
he enters a room comes out 5 mins later
was that the bathroom
yes
well that was usless hjumpik
hjumpik starts heading upstairs waluigi stops him says to check outside
sees people walking
Raventree Manor stands amidst a great wilderness burning with autumnal colors and practically choked by lush plant life. Nearly every inch of the building is covered in some sort of growth, and large sections of the structure have collapsed to accommodate huge trees growing out of the manor. It appears as though the wilds reclaimed this manor long ago, and yet there are signs of life everywhere: The whole manor blazes with light, its many windows flickering with the shadows of movement. Mingled among the birdsong and rustling of wind through trees is the sound of music, laughter, and chatter.
what manor is this
raventree manor feyward
whats fay ward
fey as in magical ward is in the direction
do you know this manor
toad lee behind waluigi says this is the first time i seen it like this im so confused
hjumpiks face drops as toad lee explains to him the manors are all connected
hjumpik thinks the spys told me to get orangus corenelous but everyone here knows Aurelian Corvinarus
the tree said orang cornevius and orange sundaria
he wants to ask around about orange sundria
he asks the gaurds outside picking flowers they say orange cornvirus and sundaria was dating but thats all he knows
hjumpik asks who was the prince again
waluigi says oh prince bean bean of the bean bean kingodom
toad lee says were getting off track and explores downstairs

The Lounge & The Clue (23:04)
23:04 day 24 higsun
toad lee heads to the lounge they saw eaerlier with th bar tender he knocks on the door
he opens the door a goblin gaurd
toad lee introduces himself and says we heard a archie miser is attending a party that was being contrsutioned from a invention we are his friend
he gets out a notepad
we dont have a archie miser here
nothing you have any guests
we took him to the theater
what about the lord
looks like HE likes to party hard
hjunpik dosen't notice the insight takes a long time thinking realizes that he said
why did you call him a he instead of a she
oh...... shoot
who was this guest oh yours
we dont have a name but we have a paw mark he hands him a paper with a paw mark on it
the beastfolk is in the backroom
was it a girl
no it was a guy
hjumpik says are you sure can you take us to him
he asys wait in the lounge while he gets gaurds
This large L-shaped lounge is cozy and inviting, with worn but well cared for furnishings. Several walls feature wall-length bookshelves holding countless books for guests to peruse. A long carpet running the main length of the room, and over it are four small loungers with accompanying side tables. They are all arranged to watch a small stage with a piano and a standing harp, ready for impromptu performances. In another corner is a messy bar, stocked with an impressive selection of drinks, two giant kegs on stands, and enough seating for eight. A goblin staffer mans the bar, ready to serve whatever guests ask for, free of charge.
the bartender offers them something strong something brew and something brandy hjumpik takes something strong
he keeps it
he comes back in goblin gaurd he says all gaurds are busy tells them to follow him they obey and follow him to a door
hjumpik opens it
The northeast alcove features a central, flat 'stage' where sprites and goblins congregate to reenact stories and plays from the library's books. The stage is nearly 15 feet wide, and would be ten feet deep altogether if the northern center of the stage weren't occupied by a small plinth atop which a book is often placed for reading aloud. The outer five feet of the room is occupied by sprite-sized stone riser benches for sitting and observing the performances, with just enough space for other creatures to move between them with care.

Upstairs Exploration & Secret Room
if i remember correctly this should be the exact layout of the ruined manor
he goes to a door and listens in he hears drumbs music
someone says to the Revel that never ends
he sees The hallway ends abruptly in chunks of masonry and splintered wooden support beams. From this vantage point, one can see down into the chaos of the first floor below.
he looks down sees people drinking and eating
they head to the Western Landing
A prickly nook nestled at the end of a quiet hall, snug against a set of stairs that climb to the third floor. A number of thick vines covered in pointy thorns adorns the wall, and two chairs sit around a small basket of berries.
waluigi notices a crack in the wall he points to it says its a secerit but vines cover it thorny trees
he tries to reach for the crack
ouch he yells his hand pricks
hjumpik uses warhammer cant reach it
waluigi summons lights around him they shine into the room revealing a hidden room
hjumpik uses warhammer to move vines they enter room
waluigi brings out something strong and morning glory
This long, two-handed weapon is light, the staff portion made of a flexible, woody stem. It is topped with a large flower bud of densely packed petals that are sturdy enough to serve as a bludgeon. In its default state it deals bludgeoning damage. When this weapon is exposed to daylight (natural or magical) the flower bud blooms, revealing a blade of milky gray steel which is wickedly sharp, and remains open for the rest of the day. The Morning Glory closes itself again when night falls or it spends at least an hour in darkness.
waluigi drinks something strong
hjumpik takes a mushroom and says i can come back
hjumpik looks outside sees a giant forest
The west balcony offers a scenic overlook of the west side of the grounds and the bleak forest shrouded in shadows that lies beyond. Far off to the north, framed against the starless sky, is the silhouette of a great tree. It towers, skeletal and leafless, a single point of reference among the grey treetops of the forest.

The Lord's Chamber
time is 00:57 day 25
they explored both collpased cellings
they enter the lords chamber
This chamber was once an opulent lounge and sitting room, befitting a lord or lady of high standing. It has now been transformed into a makeshift feasting hall and thoroughly trashed by its occupants. The large firepit in the center of the room is currently giving off waves of heat and light, as a roaring flame spews smoke and embers up at the ceiling, blackening the high rafter with soot. Grimy hoof prints circle the pit in thick overlaying paths. Large wooden tables sitting around the edge of the room, some with half-finished meals still on them, while others have been laid out with a buffet of greens and nuts and fruits and breads and cheeses. Racks, crates, and whole barrels of wine sit nearby, ready to sate any thirst that arises.
cut to archie 
luigi walks in says hello 
mages guild intrudec him as agent L 
archie says just to be clear lady after we clean up this what will happen 
well the cotnract will be considered complete most of your charges will be dropped and you will get a honorary guilds fellowship badge she smiles 
well if there dropping the charges it worth a shot right 
sorry im not convinced can i have stamp from your leader seal of authentifaction from the emproer himself 
emorper what are you talking about 
ohn its a empire there usually a emproerr 
how about this we will fast track you  here have a guild fellowship badge 
archie pauses checks it just in case he notices a small trace of magic from it 
archie backs up 
its not a entropy regular ring its a new type of magic 
archie says you know what im not worthy of it yet 
tsk fine you and agent l clear this place out 
agents leave 
were do we go agent L 
he says lets get acustomed to this he shows his divece 
The Poltergust hums to life on your back with its distinctive mechanical whine—a sound Luigi has grown so accustomed to that silence feels wrong now. Something inside the reinforced containment tank rattles against the glass, and you see the meter's needle jump briefly before settling. Whatever's trapped in there knows you're watching.
agent L says you can't have this but i got you this 
A brass compass with a cracked glass face and scorched casing. When you open it, the needle doesn't point north—instead, it spins slowly in irregular circles with no apparent pattern. Occasionally it pauses for several seconds before resuming its rotation. The device radiates faint divination magic, suggesting it still functions despite the obvious damage, just not as a standard compass. Someone clearly valued this enough to keep carrying it despite its broken state.
archie has no idea what it is 
luigi  points to the shadow butler says should i capture him 
archie says wait orvinder and shadow butler oh right you can jump between planes 
what we set up our own portal in between bars 
archie walks over to another room with usk orvinder and agent L 
archie offers usk and orvinder to come with them they both deny say they agree with there goals but they have there own plans 
they reach a door to the dance hall luigi picks at the lock with a coin he has 
You hear the distinctive clink of mixed coinage as Luigi counts out payment, his fingers sorting through different denominations with practiced efficiency. He selects Iron Legion marks for this transaction—you're in their territory, and using anything else would raise questions. You notice him deliberately avoiding a small wrapped bundle in the inner pocket, coins he keeps but never spends. When he notices you watching, he closes the pouch quickly. 'Wrong currency for here,' is all he says.
agent l says there is a ghost here be ready 
Wreckage consumes over a third of this dance floor, the majority of the rubble and wreckage confined to the eastern half of the room. At the center of the room lays a shattered piano dug into the floor, its final resting place made possible by the collapsing of the mezzanine overhead, which appears to have been followed by sections of the ceiling above that into the room.

To the western side of the room the damage is less, with a broad wooden dais sagging but still intact. Much of the furniture that once sat upon it seems to have been flung away and smashed to bits, the remains scattered here and there.

there is a single ghost remaining in the room luigi points his flashlight revealing the ghost the battle begins he claps his hands says thunder as thunger sparks 
archie asks if the floor is wooden and fires a firebolt at the ghost as luigi says yes its wood 
luigi says fine fireball and a green fireball comes bouncing out ghost doges and archie doges it too almost hit by it 
archie follows up  with another firebolt the waltzgiest shrieks 
the ghost flies through luigi and punches archie he says ah crap 
luigi grabs his poletergiest and starts sucking up the ghost 
it passes by archie instead of capturing it archie slashes it 
archie uses ice not fire it isnt affected 
luigi contrinues sucking it in the vaccume its getting away
archie finishs it off  
archie looks inside his Poltergust
The containment tank's meter shows current capacity: seven minor ghosts (greenies and slammers, relatively docile), and two entities that cause the meter's needle to spike into the red zone whenever they stir. Luigi refuses to discuss what those two are, though he checks the tank's integrity seals obsessively and keeps the device within arm's reach even while sleeping.
they continue running into more ghosts a housebound luigi helps archie put a hex on it and suck it up 
archie says there is a specific ghost that captured a toad he is looking for it 
he opens the door nochaluanlty a super scary ghost pops out agent l falls to his feet and crawls backwards running into another room 
archie screams AGENT L as the ghost attacks him 
archie runs too 
they regroup after a while luigi in a conror crying archie says come on we have a job to do 
agent l says maybe a few years 
archie says stop joking lets go 
archie says okay you open the door and ill stand here 
luigi looks at him and you call me scared he says 
 its gone archie says  
luigi shines his darklight revaling a hidden wall in the conror they find the ghost its scary luigi shaking as the ghost touches him with his spectral hand 
they shiver as it touches luigi he streams a strobe light flahses from his pultergiest the housebound ignores it continues its attack 
15:10
26 Harvestide, 1040 ( 1 month ahead main game fyi )
archie hurls a fireball at ghost it scraems 
luigi sneaks up behind him and sucks up the ghost the red bar is full no more can be contained in it luigi dosent say anything 
they continue if we capture the ghost right itll be full i can't store any more 
cant you just store it in the mages guild room 
well i guess we are on the guilds time 
they head back to the guild 
luigi enters the guild room archie watches sees ghosts being put in jars 
reminder what kitchen looks like 
Nevermind the state of the kitchen and its contents— the fact that there are insects the size of large dogs perched on nearly every flat surface in this room is the most pressing concern. Examining the rotting food and abandoned, rusting kitchenware will have to wait.
luigi depostits his ghosts 
they talk about ghosts to resarch achivimng immortality luigi dosent buy it 
archie watches from the door dosent make himself known 
say they couldnt fix luigis poltergust 
its empty though 
archie runs into usk and orvinder says to luigi he has to talk to them privatly just stay in the area to your ready
they want to take archie to the room they made the portal 
archie says come on man im in the middle of a quest and brushes them off 
luigi snuck up during this archie walks back to him heres them say in the middle of a conversation 
just do it for the money the mages guild says fine he says he walks out follows archie 
the toad should be here they say 
okay luigi says try a coin he says tosses archie his coin purse 
A worn leather pouch that jingles with the sound of metal coins. From the varied tones and weights, it clearly contains currency from multiple sources rather than uniform coinage.
he picks the lock luigi smiles takes it back 
they enter instead of the ghosts attacking they find Perrius Annmatar sitting alone in a chair 
In this once-quaint sitting room designed for receiving guests of the manor, one guest still awaits a summons from the Corvinarus family. A mild-mannered and polite man dressed in finery, and apparently entirely unbothered by the state of the room, sits at one of the tables. Periodically he sips from the only teacup in the room that isn't chipped, cracked, or broken.

As you enter, he looks up, and even behind the party mask which covers his face the warmth of his greeting is notable:

Ah! You've arrived fashionably late as well I see. Come come, join me, we can wait together.

After a few seconds of hesitation he adds- interrupting others if they're speaking, as if an afterthought—
were is the toad archie asks 
…though I think perhaps I've been waiting a while.

01:27
27 Harvestide, 1040
you really think i have a toad i captured one? 
maybe you are more stupid than you look 
you accuse me you freed the toad eralier 
were did you put the toad archie asks 
pierce anamatar says fine naybe if i cant get to you my friends from the other side can 
ghost in coats come out start chocking luigi 
archie says fine a massive fireball begins forming 
what are you doing youll collapse this whole structure agent L says 
hand over the toad open the show room door and prove you dont have the toad 
he sweats as the heat comes closer realizing that the house may collapse he says fine 
the coats collapse archies heat still radiating from the fireball
he opens the showroom door its the same room from ealrier empty and devoid of everything 
i see but im not convinced what about the other room 
as archie says that pierce anamatar runs the coats reactivate 
they start walking over like zombies 
A simple room lined with shelves and hooks for hanging outerwear. Though a pungent stench of mildew assaults the senses at the moment of opening the door, the room has held up remarkably well. Dozens of aged and moth-eaten cloaks and overcoats have been left hanging on the racks.

Whatever may have prevented looters from rifling through here seems to have done a good job, as everything seems to have been left in the same state it was decades past—except, perhaps, for the fact the natural fibers of most of the clothing have decayed and remain barely hanging. A few heavier coats appear to have held up better, looking almost new.


they hide inside the closet room 
archie bangs on the window luigi says what are you doing and opens it 
they are outside back at the main entrance archie takes the apperance of a gaurd that was deployed outside 
06:12
27 Harvestide, 1040
archie builds a disguise says follow my lead as a disguised iron legion person 
archie in disguise guides luigi to the front entrance agent l 
halt what the hell are you doing 
im escorting this pesron insdie 
also why do you smell so bad aside from the fact this is a magic restricted area  
you know how it is 24 hour shifts ya know 
weren't you at brackenwickle with the mushroom lords right they chocked out the vally for life 
maybe all the toads were in prision 
archie spots the vigilance airship above the house 
he signials as luigi sneaks past them 
all the toads escaped though 
his eyes lighten up he senakly opens the door 
he throws a rock and distracts both gaurds 
archie locks the front door and grabs lugii aaah a gaurd is capturing me help as archie goes back to the portal room they entered 
luigi says he recognized them regement of the royal lion he knew someone there named william 
10:27
27 Harvestide, 1040
archie sees a gaurd approach them while resting 
not all rejoice the nightborn house decree he says laughing looks at archie i have a quest for you if you want 
well the quest is a annoying one but it has to be done  there is a missing toad i need somone to find him 
12:07
27 Harvestide, 1040
agent L picks up archie puts him on a chair 
bones and speaker L arrive 
this seems to be the place speaker L says hand bones intelegence files 
bones can decode them
A leather satchel containing Speaker L's current intelligence files, representing the Pond Patrol's accumulated knowledge of relevant factions, individuals, and events. The dossiers are organized by priority: immediate threats, potential allies, and long-term concerns. Each file contains whatever information Patrol agents have gathered, plus Speaker L's personal assessments and action recommendations.

Current immediate threats include: General Ironhand and the Iron Legion's Aegis Command structure; the Iron Mandate's implementation protocols; and whoever created the Green Decoy. Current potential allies include: the party (designated "Vigilance Group" in Patrol files); the Liberated Toads' main body; Mystic Morel's fortune-telling network; and, reluctantly, Archie Miser, whose intelligence about Legion operations has proven valuable despite Speaker L's personal grievances. Long-term concerns include: the Oracle's dimensional instability; the Dragon Conspiracy's implications for military balance; and the Supernatural Sovereignty Act's potential application to toad populations.

The dossiers are written in a Patrol cipher that requires a DC 18 Intelligence check to decode without the key. Speaker L changes the cipher weekly, distributing new keys only to agents he trusts—a list that has shrunk considerably since Aegis Command.
this seems sound are you really eager to hunt for archie what did he do to you 
When houses rot and oaths go thin,
When law feels like a stranger’s skin,
When Raventree breathes through broken doors—
We march again. We count. We course.

The last time here, I drew a line,
Said trial, said peace, said you are mine.
But then the world wrote new decrees—
In blood, not ink… at Aegis’ knees.
CHORUS (COHORT — chant-singing, call-and-response)

COHORT:
Contain the fire! Seal the land!
Apprehend by lawful hand!

SPEAKER L:
No revenge— (not then.)

COHORT:
No hate to wield!

SPEAKER L:
But masks don’t kneel— (and masks don’t yield.)

ALL:
Peace through justice— that’s our shield!
VERSE 2 (SPEAKER L — reciting, rhythmic “legal cadence”)

By vote one hundred twenty-four to eleven to six—
We stood in judgment, by the will transfixed!
Emergency Resolution Seventeen‑A,
Mandate of the First Cohort— obey!

(Beat tightens; he taps his badge. It flickers green.)

And yet a Speaker’s face was worn,
A borrowed smile, a standard torn.
Someone marched with my authority—
And made a grave out of policy.
VERSE 3 (SPEAKER L — sung, sharper)

Order One‑Two‑Zero— read aloud,
Not in a hall, but in a crowd.
Prison doors and paper names,
Turned living toads to ash and claims.

I kept the forms. I kept the seal.
I kept the role that made it real.
Now every patch upon this coat
Is a stitched-up lie I can’t unquote.
CHORUS 2 (COHORT — stronger, more militant)

COHORT:
Contain the fire! Seal the land!
Apprehend by lawful hand!

SPEAKER L (over it, correcting himself mid-line):
No revenge— no— not revenge…
Not hate— (but I remember every name.)

ALL:
Peace through justice— that’s our shield!
VERSE 4 (SPEAKER L — turning directly to Archie)

You, Archie Miser— reckless spark,
A fireball rumor in the dark.
You break a room, then break away,
Then post the ash on Wahbook’s page.

(ARCHIE may interject a spoken line here if desired, but the march doesn’t stop.)

Bowser— fury without fence.
Waluigi— breach and offense.
Dan— unstable, pulled between.
Eager— loyal, brave, unseen.

(He exhales. The next line lands like a verdict.)
But I have learned what changed the board:
The worst of chaos… wears my sword.
BRIDGE (SPEAKER L — quieter, the snare becomes a low heartbeat)

I carry twenty-three confirmed,
Each syllable a lesson learned.
A list that does not help me lead—
It only teaches what I need:

That laws can die when faces lie,
And badges glow for thieves to try.
So tell me, Archie— look at me:
Am I the man you fought… or three?

(A hush. Then— the snare snaps back to full march.)
FINAL CHORUS (ALL — anthem level, “last song” energy)

COHORT:
Contain! Account! Apprehend!
This chaos here must find its end!

SPEAKER L:
But not by cages, not by show—
The face that stole me has to go!

COHORT:
By quill and seal— by oath and law—
We guard the living, judge the flaw!

SPEAKER L:
By pond and steel, by patch and scar—
We hunt the mask no matter where you are!

ALL:
Contain! Account! Apprehend!
No more masks, no more pretend!
By Resolution Seventeen‑A—
The Pond Patrol shall hold the day!
OUTRO (SPEAKER L — spoken, echoing through the manor)

By the authority of the First Cohort of Renewal…
Raventree is under containment.

Those named shall stand trial.

(beat— one step forward)

And the one who wore my face…

(beat— one step forward)

…stands sentenc
as he sings bones copies his notes 
a gaurd approaches whats all this singing going on  i heard you say archie did you kn ow him 
im just here to assist speaker L and speak to him 
do you knhow were you are the gaurd asks 
bones says raventree manor ruled by a toad
 
wrong the gaurd says its ruled by mages guild in collaberation with the legion 
bones spots a toad cornor of his eye 
gaurd says your here for that he points to the vigilance hovering above the manor its under legion control now the vigilance is now the legionlance 
bones grunts storms up 
almost grabs speaker L speaker L doges they both walk off
they dcicuss how to get in 
windows -
thorns gaurd them too prickly to go in 
bones asks if theres anything on him to fight people and just shout 
is that all you think i do 
somewhat yes 
he holds out his sword 
A slender rapier with an official insignia on its guard, clearly belonging to someone of rank. The blade has been recently modified, traces of dark metal visible along the edge where the original steel was enhanced.
the moon gleams on it 
its totally dark 
bones helps speaker L up its too dark he falls and screams speaker L does 
bones hides spots iron legion people coming 
what the status on varn coldbrock 
made contract with the dwarf purple one may be dangerous so i hope hes okay 
they all walk inside 
bones helps speaker L up steadies him they make it through window both of them are inside pitch black 
21:21 is time 
bones walking through library bones notices someone following him bones swips around and grabs the toad 
who do you work for 
speaker l 
into the shadows than he grabs him away from a legion light 
speaker L and lucky t chat there happy to see each other a legion member enters the libbary picks up a book they hide behind a bookshelf 
bones hears the gaurd breathing reading books he heads behind him knocks him out and steals his torch 
23:40 bones stealthfuly closes the exits the gaurd is knocked out 
they leave library 
should we sing 
no were sneaking aorund 
they enter room 
The contents of this room are confusing at first glance- as though someone has combined furnishings from two different rooms into one. The tools scattered across the floor suggest it may once have been a workshop, muddled by the decor of a far more luxurious room.

A mirror sitting atop a gorgeous dressing table, a well-adorned divan is neatly tucked into a southern corner, a wooden screen with panels embossed with a floral pattern shelter an armoire and stool. A jewelry box lays on the floor, its contents long-since pillaged.

Other luxurious but decidedly feminine furniture can be found here, mixed with boxes and crates that have been broken open, containing what appear to be now-ruined dresses and regal feminine clothing.

It appears this room was once a workshop but became impromptu storage.


this furniture belonged to a lord  speaker L says i would know that 
they enter another room the mole is there 
bones says long time no see what are you reading 
there looking at ensycrptions on the wall 
the mole scratches out the writings on the wall the same ones archie looked at earlier for the oriacle 
speaker L tells luckyt something  he gaurds a door he runs past bones ill secure the other door make sure he dosent leave bones bolts after him 
a chase ensuses until bones reaches a door spots legion he stops giving chase as the mole disapears 
heads back to speaker L and other i came back because your friends 
what if he got caught 
he wouldnt get caught bones says 
we have changed pirorites speaker L says 
Before Aegis Command, Speaker L prioritized institutional authority above all else. The Pond Patrol represented legitimate governance for Liberated Toads, and maintaining that legitimacy required operating within recognized frameworks even when those frameworks were frustrating. He would negotiate before fighting, arrest before killing, and follow protocols even when breaking them would be faster.

Those priorities are gone. The frameworks he believed in allowed Order 120 to happen. The legitimacy he cultivated was worn by an impersonator while toads died. The systems he trusted failed, and he doesn't trust them anymore. What Speaker L prioritizes now is results: the survival of toad populations, the destruction of those who threaten them, and eventually—when he knows who to blame—vengeance for Aegis Command.
The once fine portraits that line the walls of this sitting room are faded and discolored, and the few proud marble busts that still sit on their perches have had their ears or noses removed by blows with a blunt object.

The room's other furnishings have fared little better. A ruined pool table has split beneath the weight of a fallen beam from the ceiling, and a drinks cabinet by the western wall has been thoroughly ransacked. The stained carpet by it is riddled with broken glass, and still faintly smells of alcohol.


This change makes Speaker L more willing to work with the party despite their history of conflict. It also makes him more dangerous as an ally, because a toad who has stopped believing in rules might sacrifice anything—or anyone—if he decides the sacrifice serves his goals.
if we do a full capture we will get caught

they open another door its to outside 
who are you are you with Hargram Fidger a gaurd asks 
bones maces him he parries blockiong it 
a wisle is blown not too loud he says you messed up as another gaurd approaches 
lucky t swings gets a clean hit as both try to hit 
speaker L gets out a hidden hand crossbow fires as the gaurd runs away bleeding reinforcements come immedintly sliced in the nose bleeding heavly 
only two v 3 
bones suplexs gaurd behind 
4:23
bones clises the bleeding one and he parries back hitting bones in the eye 
blood is across lucky t the gaurd chuckles 
bones says grr dang it and pulls out 
(give xp to toads)
a arrow flies hits the gaurds head he falls...
bones says wait someone will suspect us hide the body 
bones hides it while speaker L tends to lucky t 
bones loots the bodies gets a military horn 
speaker L fully heals the toads bones dosen't want his healing they head to a staircase and heads upstairs 
second floor door 
sssh they position at door 
its locked 
mole opens the door just in time for the show he pulls out his knife full sprints towards a room they give chase archie is bieng healed in the room 
the mole runs jumps for archie bones tackles him 
whats going on archie asks 
stay still gaurd says 
this guy is trying to kill you but i stopped him bones says 
archie sighs as speaker L enters 
archie and in such a state too 
he heads with manacles 
bones says what are you doing archie doges it 
bones jumps off the mole and heads towards speaker L trying to 
sidekicks the mole 
luigi flashes his light says he just flashes his light and they went away 
archie says what did you do tho them
just flash a light... 
28 harvestadle 1040 
glad to have you back bones 
i dont trust him over there bones says pointing at lucky t 
lucky t says you rather me kill you 
archie says i can just fire a ball at you 
fine ill leave i got what i wanted luckyt says 
he leaves 
gaurds enter 
we came to protect the injured 
there was a disrubence but we handled it so please come back another day im recovering 
archie says please leave 
thornbury remains quiet 
he heads closer im here to work with you 
please dont come closer im recovering 
we will meet again than my name is Hargram Fidger im with the local legion chappel here 
i think your important with these gaurds 
we will have a better meeting another time 
he leaves the rooms his gaurd follows they both sleep for the night 
thornbury says something happening in planerrealms have you met aemenor evenflight he should be here because the guild called for reinforcements 
he says we met one one the legions captins 
📅 A New Day Dawns
29 Harvestide, 1040
Soldas — ☀️ Golden Summer
☁️ Overcast, 28°C
thornbury shakes hands with bones as he clears the bathtub tells archie he will bringw water buckets he runs out  
bones sees cleared out ruble sees a peephole 
boones wispers to archie danger
why? 
he nudges to the peephole  
he sees someone 
bones charges at the wall and bumps into it 
slams his head they hear a creek the wall in the crack is open now the figure is gone 
they sigh 
Thornbury runs in with two buckes bubble bath and rubber ducky 
archie says we take shifts while each other sleep one uses water while the others gaurd 
bones says were is this water from thornbury says the well outside 
noone says anything they head into the changing room get in bath robes 
he brings out the rubber duckies there all in robes archie showers first 
archie showers he got clean nice dark blue mages robe belt brown shoes mage staff third eye looking clean  his hood is down his sins are clean 
bones says you look handsome 
archie says what it cant be that umm uhh impressive right 
bones gets a mirror but runs into someone 
archie says who are you 
Byscilla Danos part of the danos family she introduces herself 
i was wondering were our water powered fans was happening it seems i found it 
archie says we will return it after we use it 
bones says archie 
archie says you take a shower 
youll return it tell it to the two soliders that had a heatstroke outside 
umm the water were using is hot water
our generators dont care about hot or cold our people are burning out there you think you just use this for your luxereies  
archie says its just a bit of water
just be a quick minuet 
9 35 is time 
bones exits shower  he is not longer grotesque mushroom is clean he is happy 
noone recgonzies him 
you next thornbury 
Byscilla Danos notices says wait a min you! 
what are you ding here she takes him by the ear and drags him off 
archie yells thank you for helping us as he is dragged by his helemet 
archie says he was nice i thought he was going to betray us he notices soething on the ground and picks it up time is 
12:10 
archie reads the field notes 
its detailed notes on everything they did to the tee 
bones says he was a spy wasnt he 
cricket noises 
oh wow the bath was great luigi exits 
huh 
he was spying on us 
how was the bath
luigi says bath was good expelled ectoplasam too 
well those notes are uhh intresting i guess 
...
...
they all pull up chairs and review the conenets of the notebook 
15 39 harvestide 29 
hargram fidger POV 
party in area 
Rhak the Lost(Neutral, Orc)

Rhak is a huge, muscular, and scarred orc somewhere in his early forties. He appears to have seen a lot of battle and despite a little weight gain around his middle, appears to be in peak physical condition.

Manderaz the Mad(Lawful Neutral, Hobgoblin)

A tall and almost regal looking Hobgoblin, Manderaz has deep crimson skin and shining amber eyes that take in his surroundings. He has the bearing of a career military man, and his armor is worn but well cared for. He appears to be in his late thirties, his bristly black hair is starting to pick up bits of gray and silver in places.

Hargram Fidger (Neutral Good, Human)

A professional pit fighter by the looks, Hargam has a studded club hanging off his belt, wears flexible leather armor, and has his fists wrapped with stained bandages. His arms are as thick as a lesser man’s legs, and his skin is deeply tanned. He has hard eyes and numerous tattoos that betray a storied history with gangs, bandits, and sailing vessels.

Aemenor Evenflight(Chaotic Good, Elf)

Young, attractive, their appearance is marred only by a long, crescent scar that curves over their ear, across their temple and down to their cheek. They are dressed for travel through the wilderness, much of Aemenor’s appearance is hidden by a mottled cloak that seems to shift in color and pattern with the wilderness around them. It’s hard to tell their true age, though they look barely twenty by human reckoning. Their emerald green eyes constantly scan their surroundings, watchful for danger.

well appologize thornbury for doing this byscialla says to thornbury
im sorry im sorry 
i didn't hire you to drain our water supply 
we need to focus on the main supply
did you make contact with archie yet 
yes i have we know hes in this area 
good news though we have used fae magic to restore the grenehouse to its original state no rust remains no fire evidence
oh like restore this place 
no presevese it
for the legion!
for the legion! 
i will take the intative and talk to archie myself we still need to survey the ruined greenhouse 
we will get him to use fireball contain him 
two will come with me two will go with you 
thornbury will come with me since he knows me 
all it takes is a single fireball she says
she says rhack will come next hargram says archie will be intemidated by his prensses 
youll have your time to shine rhack 
he sobs a bit 
fine the twink comes with me Aemenor Evenflight you look weak 
i think he might get easier time getting used to you 
she says alirght the party lines are formed 
Rhak the Lost  , Manderaz the Mad , Hargram Fidger is greenhouse team 
Byscilla , Thornbury , Aemenor Evenflight will confront archie 
thornbury says they took my journal theyll find out from my notes 
greenhouse team says archie said he killed rust monsters on wahbook 
confront archie team says no fire magic is auhtorized 
21 53 29 harvestide 10 40 
following confront greenhouse team 
they arrive at a barley resotred greenhouse only the frame remains but the grass seems to have grown back in and some wood from construction remains on the ground as you look a the goblin gaurd before you  he smirks and says you with bystill 
📅 A New Day Dawns
30 Harvestide, 1040
Lunadas — ☀️ Golden Summer
⛈️ Thunderstorm, 25°C
it starts raining 
i got bad news for you its raining 
hagram says at least the plants are getting water 
Warol The Gaurd says the rust spreads faster in rain there was a main nest destroyed by archie in the fireball i crused the remaning eggs but i saw a rust monster moving around so i came out and waited for you guys 
alright hargram lead the way 
they spot the lone rust muster they all look from above the grove 
Rhak the Lost says run in and smash 
hagram says no we need to be practace they all agree to ambush 
they wait in position as the rust monster moves around and finally
it from behind catching them off gaurd 
it crashes through a place were a window belonged manderaz blocks and  hargram orders rhak to grab it rhak says do you want my arm to become rust as he quickly swings its legs are gone 
rhak swings at head it rolls off they win the battle rust monster is down they behead it 
hargram tells rhak to stop as he comes into the grenehouse charigng in  for more 
they do an inventory  check realize they sent all magic users to archie 
Hargram Fidger tries to climb the area mernandez stops him what ar e4you doing do you see the state of this you will fall off 
suggests they climb the statue over there 
The Northern splits at an old, battered fountain that seems to have suffered terrible abused. The path that continues north seems to be wild and impassably overgrown, but once led to a now dilapidated cottage, its roof peeking over the foliage.

The eastern leg, meanwhile, heads off toward the grounds proper, where an even grander fountain awaits, joined by a rusting greenhouse in the east, and the snarl of weeds that is the hedge maze.

your not going to like this boss
there is rust monsters but there dead 
i see people bagging them up 
people? 
there is too much folige there might be other rust monsters 
can you see who the people are what they are 
i dont know short hair all black talking to a woman 
he has an eye patch 
could they be pirates rah  
no i dont think so there is no warm water ports here 
there are criminal underworld and people are affiliated and do bussiness with them  are you sure 
he says oh shoot there coming 
hargram orders them behind the fountain they scramble hide behind statue they panic get caught instantaly 
mages guild people your come on out they say you need to coperate with us no 
fine we were going to kill the remaining rust monsters but we didnt want to go in guns blazing 
yes yes thats fine and all take the Legion Arcane Field Analyzer  fill it out 5 times and give us the readings of it 
what is the purpose of this 
it sends it directly to the guild 
the mages guild AND iron legion notice how its a Legion Arcane Field Analyzer  it was made in juction from both of our teams 
there is no rust monsters left right 
no no dont worry the reamining are safe and packaged up in a little box 
they begin filling out the tablet 


⚙ Legion Arcane Field Analyzer — Mk. III ⚙
Property of Pond Patrol · Raventree Manor Theater of Operations · Serial: RPM-0347
✓ Analysis complete — 11:47:27 PM
ᚲ
Chime

⊞ Site Survey Input Panel
10/10
Site Designation
11H2
Greenhouse Sector

Entry Arch
Structure Profile

Ruined shell with visible damage
Dominant Material

Stone and mortar
Vegetation Reclaim

Feral bloom overtaking the structure
Ambient Interference

Still air
Fae Preservation

No fae intervention detected
Mirror Pressure

Cold echo in glass and mirrors
Observed Trace Signs — Toggle Switches
4 active

✓
ᚠ Fire scoring under paint or polish
Hidden scorching visible only when the glamour shifts

ᚢ Orange oxide dust
Residual rust memory clinging to seams and bolts

✓
ᚦ Distorted glass edges
Warping consistent with a violent heat bloom

ᚨ Emerald pollen or luminous spores
Botanical magic or fae restoration residue

ᚱ Silver water beading on dry surfaces
Unnatural condensation often tied to glamour or threshold bleed

ᚲ Inverted footprints or wrong-way tracks
Spatial rewriting around reflections or folded paths

✓
ᚷ Low whispering resonance
Echoes caught in glass, mirrors, or strained iron

✓
ᚹ Blackened root tips beneath healthy growth
Living cover masking older burn trauma below


a ghost appears not from the greenohuse but the opposite way 
they quickly dispach the first ghost manderanz hits himself by accidently 
rhak runs up to help 
misses 
it tries to suck the life the ghost hargram jumps up on teh fountain behind them all and shoots the ghost 
they loot the ectoplasm and finish taking notes 
Field Notes — Parchment Strip
197 chars
Destroyed stone-made structures reduced to crispy rubble and debris with hotspots to them. While also entering the decomposition process when the process of overgrowth was taking place of the area.
Activation Lock
All parameters set — device ready
⚡ Activate Scan
↺ Reset
⊟ Arcane Readout Display
LIVE
🜂 Combustion Echo
98
🜁 Ferric Hunger
32
🜃 Fae Preservation
29
🜄 Mirror Intrusion
68
Containment Risk
77
CRIMSON ALERT
Fire Echo
Ferric Stress
Fae Layer
Mirror Bleed
◈ Field Interpretation — 11H2 ◈
Entry Arch carries a strong combustion echo reading. The site still remembers a catastrophic blast, with heat memory clinging to load-bearing seams and hidden fractures.

— Hargram's Read: "The blast is gone, but the room still flinches from it."

Evidence Logged
Distorted glass edges
Fire scoring under paint or polish
Blackened root tips beneath healthy growth
Low whispering resonance
Findings
▸
Entry Arch is being read as a location imprint — all readings are anchored to surfaces, joints, roots, and reflected space.
▸
Stone and mortar amplifies the current signature profile, especially where old damage and recent restoration overlap.
▸
Subsurface scorch memory remains active. Violent fire magic left a deeper mark than the visible structure admits.
▸
Glass, mirrors, and polished water may relay hostile echoes. Reflection discipline is advised before any spellcasting.
Recommendations
◆
Stake an observation ring before crossing deeper into entry arch.
◆
Record the site twice: once by sight, once by touch and temperature — glamour favors the eye.
◆
Shroud reflective surfaces or turn them away from the party before releasing any high-output magic.
◆
Do not use open flame or broad evocation until the local heat memory has been tested against the frame.
Scan logged at 16:13:27 1040 · Sector: Entry Arch · For the Legion.
⊡ Sector Reference Grid
▸ Entry Arch
Western Planter Trench
Collapsed Central Span
Irrigation Spine
Shattered East Wall
Mirror Breach Line
Underfloor Root Cellar
Outer Greenhouse Path
is this 
Containment Risk
77
thats not good 
Darno Spriggon enters
are there any other rust monsters and who are you 
who am i 
Darno Spriggon says  you guys seem to have proven yourself you captured a spectar over there two of them even 
seems one of your legion people dropped something he shows his keychain and a ring on it 
A heavy iron ring bearing military insignia, clearly designed as a badge of rank and authority rather than decoration. The ring shows signs of regular use by someone accustomed to issuing orders.
Warol Creeton thinks to himself how did he get that is he a general 
are there any remaining rust mosnters alive in there 
huh no i took care of there personally 
hargram cant tell if hes lying his torch goes out they all go dark 
Darno Spriggon hands hargram a letter to dan says lets all head inside archie needs this back 
A folded, water‑stained letter addressed but never delivered: 'To Dan (whichever one reads this first)'. The handwriting is more hesitant than in Archie's tactical notes, with several words crossed out and rewritten, whole sentences started and abandoned. This is Archie writing to Dan after the mirror room revelations on Highsun 26, after learning about Parallel Dan in the Shadowfell, after realizing that the Dan who voted against him in the Scavenging Doctrine on Highsun 16 might not have been the same Dan who fought beside him on the Vigilance, after understanding that the Iron Legion had shattered even the concept of trust by making everyone potentially a duplicate or replacement.
hargram refused to read this 
Any Toad or Dan‑adjacent character who reads the letter gains advantage on one future Insight check made to judge whether someone is genuinely repentant or just manipulating them, as they carry Archie's messy, contradictory self‑awareness in mind. The letter serves as a uncomfortable mirror: can you trust someone who knows exactly how untrustworthy they are? Can guilt make someone reliable, or does it just make them more desperate?
they all head inside for the night 
30 harvestide 1040 21:22 
ruined manor 
agent L (luigi) says isnt there some big ghosts around for us to hunt 
he kicks the rug in the room a stone metalic ritual circle is revealed 
Beneath the old rug laid in the center of the room lies the broken shape of an incomplete teleportation circle. The floor has been etched in chalk and charcoal to make up geometric, circular magical etchings on where a ritual was once performed. The circle has been irreparably damaged and sections of it are indistinct, but what little of it remains still seems to hold hints of its true purpose.
bones asks if we can use it to travel planes says we need components to set it up and to commense the ritual 
agent L says blueprints may be somewhere around here hidden by an oriacle or a person 
archie says why dont we figure it out ourself 
luigi says maybe ask thornbury 
that would be nice archie wipsers he cataologed what we did he works for the legion though 
archie looks to luigi 

You glimpse Luigi scanning the page again, his brow furrowing as he traces the fragmented sentences and cryptic coordinates. Whatever Ashford's spirit revealed in those final moments clearly troubles him deeply—the testimony of the murdered dead carries weight that living words cannot match. 'Coordinates in the Thornwood,' he mutters to himself. 'Of course it's the Thornwood. It's always the haunted forest.' He doesn't sound like he's joking.
'The Crown's true heir walks among the Thornwood dead—not who they claim—bloodline broken at third branch—'

'Onyx Hand patron is not vampire but FEEDS the Hand—eclipsed moon symbol—throne behind the throne—'

'Coordinates 47°N 23°W from castle ruins—old growth forest—beneath the hanging tree where the Toad Council fell—documents sealed in iron—'

'They killed me because I SAW—the coronation was theater—the real power signed in blood not ink—'

The handwriting deteriorates toward the end of the page, as if Luigi was writing faster and faster to capture the spirit's words before the communion broke. The final line reads: 'He's fading—says 'trust no crowns'—gone.'

Luigi has read this page dozens of times, cross-ref
archie says neat lets put a pin on this 
they enter the lords chamber This once august chamber has fallen to utter ruin. Where once a gorgeous and well-maintained tile floor was adorned with unimaginable luxury in foreign carpeting, now only cracked and shattered tiles remain. The rug has been pulled up and lies in a heap against the east wall. Iron-reinforced double doors in the southwest remain steadfast, untouched and framed as they are in stone. A matching set of doors in the northwest have been shattered inward by some immense force, as if something blew it inwards while someone had been trying to cut a hole through it.

The northmost side of this great hall illuminated from above by a place where the roof has collapsed, through the floor above, and edges of the attic rooms can be seen. Judging by the sheer volume of broken stone and the ruined gargoyle in the heap, it's a miracle the collapse didn't bring the whole house down with it.

ghosts appear over 20 agent L says its time 
archie says we can take them 
ghosts sourrund them all bones says were cornored by a bunch of ghosts and they look like they are going to kill us im out of here 
agent L says less compention    
bones dashes back into the room with the portal spots the other four toads he never saw he runs oto the balcony and jumps 
the toads chase after him archie calls out bones bones? were are you going 
archie doges a ghost says lets be real agent L we can fight ghosts but this is too much for us too ahndle im retreating to a safer place and retreats leaving agent L alone with the ghosts he says sorry if it feels like im abndoning you but 
agent L says im used to it as archie runs into the master bedroom he jumps out a window .... over 40 feet in the area 

Excepting the fact that nearly every inch of the room is covered in a thick layer of undisturbed dust, one can't help but feel like they are intruding in a room still actively lived in.

Beyond the collapsed double doors the place appears largely untouched by looters or damage, like a glimpse into what this place once was. Two plush rugs woven with geometric patterns sit under furniture and muffle footsteps, while fine wooden parquet flooring collect dust and grim in their grooves.

The furniture appears undisturbed. The longer you stare at it the more unsettling it becomes.

📅 A New Day Dawns
1 Aethel, 1040
Terras — 🍂 Crimson Fall
☁️ Cloudy, 16°C
Fall has come 
archie grunts were am i 
the best hospital here you took quite a fall a doctor says he walks out tells him not to move much 
he spots the mole at the conror of his eyes
he falls back asleep
he wakes up everyone in the room is dead mole stands there smiling  offers archie chalk needed for the ritual you need this dont you 
i do but whats the catch
nothing its free of charge 
he denies it and leaves
archie gets up checks the body after two mins of siclieence he checks there boddies 
Archie Miser picked up the following items:


Dark Metal Manacles
1


Archie Miser picked up the following items:


Military Ration Pack
archie opens a room from when he is looting a gaurd is waiting they fight for a bit 
your at the Ironmend Bastion the top medical iron legion hospital of them all your in holding until you will be transfported to jail 
archie says good to know truly 
archie sees the mole picking up looting bodies and takes items off the itmes archie runs behind a conor and dsiguses as a gaurd 
he walks out passes a gaurd gate tells the gaurd he is a new recurit wants to go to the raventree garrasion the gaurd says he needs to get branded by ironhand first archie follows him at first but quickly goes off on his own 
archie is back at the spider grove it now empty no giant spider in sight he creates a cloud (like mario bros 3)
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 4th level or higher, the flying speed you gain increases by 30 feet for each slot level above 3rd.
he flies on the cloud towards the manor he is at the manor he sees agent l and bones talking agent L hands bones an item 
he knocks on a window agent L opens the window says picked up bones before the legion got involved 
toads enter say we need you 
archie says im tired of having malchious charcers jump me every 3 seconds 
toads say luigi has a warrent for his arrest they say we will explain it in court right now we need him he is armed and dangerous 
we dont want to arrest or hurt you but we wont fear using force 
agent L says he dosent know what there talking about 
archie says i got my own heat im trying to lay low from i wont get invovled in this 
thornbury , byscilla and amemenor barge in say there here to protect archie they say we will dispatch of these regency freaks for you 
📅 A New Day Dawns
2 Aethel, 1040
Mercurias — 🍂 Crimson Fall
💨 Gusty Winds, 13°C
they come in swinging a fight breaks out archie and bones watch 
a toads head flies off from the regency from byscillia 
the fight is heavy caustlies both sides 
thornbury takes an arrow to the knee he kneels archie says bones its time to interfear thornbury gets mad
a royalists gets out a musket archie says you sure about that as fire magic pireces trhough his bones 
its a standoff now 
archie says let me see the warrent and ill make a decision 
fine Terenzio Cassalanter gets a warrent out from his friends dead body 
he hands the letter to bones he unseals the royal seal and reads out loud  
Mushroom Regency
Arrest Warrant
Case No. REG-1040-AB-047

In the Name of the Regency Council and the Memory of
Her Highness Princess Peach

To: Any authorized officer of the Royal Toad Guard, Mushroom Kingdom Peace Officers, Loyalist Field Operatives, or deputized Bounty Hunter acting under lawful authority

You are commanded to arrest and bring without unnecessary delay before a Magistrate of the Regency Court (or, if in Loyalist-controlled territory, before Captain Toadette or her designated tribunal) the person of:
Name
Luigi Mario
aliases: Agent L, Mr. L, Green Thunder, "the tall mustache one"
Description

Adult male human, approximately 5'9" in height (without jumps), green cap and overalls, prominent brown mustache (well-groomed), pale skin, blue eyes, habitually wears white gloves. Frequently accompanied by Poltergust 3000 or derivative vacuum device. Known to exhibit nervous behavior, prolonged hesitation before action, and occasional dramatic shadow transformations when emotionally compromised.
Last Known Locations

Raventree Manor (pre-Planar Fracture), various Mages' Guild contract sites, intermittent sightings near Star Road waypoints (particularly Star Fountain vicinity, Harvestide 1039 BF), and most recently reported in the vicinity of Toad Town outskirts.
Distinguishing Marks

Signature "L" emblem on cap, persistent expression of mild existential dread, tendency to shout "Wah!" or "Let's-a go!" under stress.

You are commanded because there is probable cause to believe that the above-named individual has committed or is continuing to commit offenses against the Mushroom Kingdom, to wit:
I
Conspiracy to Withhold Material Information — regarding the location and/or status of Mario Mario (ongoing since at least Harvestide 1039 BF, in violation of Regency Statute 955-H.2 "Duty to Report Heroic Whereabouts" and Loyalist Emergency Decree 1010-L-3)
II
Unauthorized Association with the Mages' Guild — during a period of Regency-Loyalist tension, potentially constituting aiding and abetting restricted magical research (contrary to Guild Oversight Act § 14)
III
Residual Mr. L Activities — suspected continued possession or concealment of hypnotic/brainwashing artifacts or knowledge derived from same, endangering public safety (in violation of Post-Crisis Security Order 962-D "Prohibition on Dimensional Mind Alteration")
IV
Obstruction of Ongoing Investigations — into the Star Fountain Reunion and related Planar Fracture events (multiple counts)
Probable Cause

This warrant is issued upon affidavit and sworn testimony establishing probable cause, including but not limited to:

    Repeated deflections and mustache twitches when questioned about Mario's whereabouts
    Documented Guild contract payments inconsistent with standard plumbing-adjacent employment
    Eyewitness accounts (including one very talkative Boo informant) of suspicious wing-cap usage and emotional reunions at defunct Star Road sites
    Failure to appear when summoned by multiple Regency and Loyalist inquiries

Execution Instructions

    1.This warrant may be executed at any time of day or night (good cause exists due to risk of dimensional flight or vacuum-assisted escape).
    2.Use of reasonable force authorized if subject attempts Poltergust deployment or shadow-form evasion.
    3.Subject is to be treated with appropriate deference as former hero-class individual (no excessive jumping on head unless actively resisting).
    4.If located in contested territory, coordinate with nearest Loyalist cell or Regency outpost to avoid inter-faction incident.
    5.Bring subject directly before issuing magistrate. No unnecessary detours through haunted mansions or Bowser's castles.

Issued this 1st day of Aethel , in the year 1040+something BF (calendar systems still arguing)
By Authority of
Magistrate Toadsworth IV (or designate)
Captain Toadette (crossed out and re-initialed)
Court Seal
[mushroom-with-crown stamp, slightly smudged]

Warrant expires: 30 days from issuance unless extended.
is that offical enough for you 
archie says yes i will say this is offical 
so will you allow us to conduct our arrest on foreign soil
archie asks agent L for his side of the story 
how do you explain marios location lugii 
He's fine. Better than fine. He's... doing what heroes do when no one else can. I can't say more luigi responds with 
archie says i here you is he really a good person what did he do 
he was a brother to me, he was a national hero 
archie said he didnt know 
its not because I'm hiding it, but because it's not my secret to tell. Please don't make me choose between my brother and everyone else
archie says no worries i can respect that 
now number two Unauthorized Association with the Mages' Guild 
luigi responds with 
They pay well, okay? And after everything... I needed something to do. Mario's... busy. Someone has to fix things
next up Residual Mr. L Activities 
"I-I wasn't myself! It was like... someone else was driving, and I was just screaming in the back seat. Mario knows—I tried to fight it! I really did!
archies eyes brow what about hypnotic artifacts were you going to use them 
no no there not physical there mental 
did you do something eveil 
luigi stand silent 
archie says leaning towards negative on this one 
what about Obstruction of Ongoing Investigations 
well what i know is nothing i didnt see anything i didnt even show up 
archie feels like he has to be jury and excutioner he is ont he fence
i understand half but i cant agree with the other half but it was issued by Toadette
by the fourth 
no no it was Magistrate Toadsworth IV  he says 
why is captin Toadette crossed out 
well it was an administraive error it has been corrected 
archie says is toadsworth evil 
luigi says toadswroth is quiet unless it invovles peach 
archie says toadsworth is he mercful 
agent L senses this is going south and gets an idea and slams his pultergiest into the ground everyone goes flying some toads fly out the window agent L runs 
archie grabs a falling toad he gets on his feet 
thank you 
were did he go that green mean machine 
archie says attack was too intense he had to flinch becaues of debree (lie)
thats a royal warrent you know 
toadswroth usually dosent do warrents we shouldnt even be here 
archie see Byscilla chocking a toad tells her to let him go through the window 
listen these toads are from the regency right 
yeah 
were not in the regency are we 
no 
than they are intruders 
they cant make arrests 
bones says no need to fight 
she says fine 
you did help us too so fine you can join us archie says 
she breaks the window archie says dont be a wuss pats thornbury back 
archie shakes her hand as a new ally she smiles archie smiles back 
the mushroom regency people head to archie asks to join archies squad 
archie said i will adimit i have 2 compinans now but i need more protection 
she asks for archie to do a fireball for her she flips through papers archie is confused  
archie says what are you reading as she asks for him to do fireball 
she puts it in her pocket nevermind these three can stay 
archie says this group is a mess and will be filled with pain but yeah 
bones says hmm alright 
they head inside 
Standing in this room brings with it a profound sinking feeling.

The room was clearly once divided into two sections by ornate screens containing full-height mirrors, affording whoever slept here a significant measure of privacy compared to most other rooms on this floor. In the center of the room, six armchairs, once plush, sit facing one another in an oval shape. The rest of the room's furniture is ruin.

The roof has collapsed above the west door, leaving a pile of stone and wood rubble that prevents the door from opening inward.

archie confesses im looking for my friends there on a diffrent plane so if you know about plane travel and components to do plane travel i will do it 
Byscilla Danos says she knows alot about it she can help she smiles 
archie heres footsteps the spy enters Darno Spriggon says archie your finally joining the legion im here to conggratulate you for joining the good guys the legion 
archie says hmmm i dont know bones somewhat agrees 
he says he wasnt listening but competitive listening said he can help with plaanar travel too 
archie says so long as this works and you dont cross us i guess can let you help out 
Darno Spriggon says one of archies friends are in the manor he has a sword sheild and backpack 
archie says bring him in 
maybe formal introductions are in charge 
archie sits on the tattered bed as using it as a throne 
they drag lucky t in bones says well hello again 
archie asks were is speaker L 
he wispers ill tell you later too much people here 
bystilla wispers we keeping secerits here 
archie says sorry lucky L i need direct answers 
lucky L stay quiet 
archie says i want you to find speaker L and bring him to me to the full group of people 
Byscilla Danos offers badges tells archie make a name she will "get the badges made" to identify each other 
archie says alright ill be group A you are group B 
she says no fun ill decide the fire beasts ill get badges made 
fine but i belieive introductions are in order before we all split off 
L = Liberated toads  I = Iron legion R = Regency  
Byscilla Danos - I 
Gregir Fendelsohn -r 
Aemenor Evenflight - I 
Hargram Fidger - I 
Darno Spriggon - I 
Manderaz the Mad
Warol Creeton - I 
Rhak the Lost - I 
Terenzio Cassalanter -r 
Thornbury - I 
Nine-Fingers Keene -r 
Lucky T - L 
Bones - L 
Archie - L
regency people dont react to archie everyone else looks like they knew that already 
they all follow archie as one unit 
Darno Spriggon objects says i dont take orders from a lesser says theyll follow slowly behind 
archie proclaims the team cells of the third eye as they all leave not in union but as a group 
2 aethel 1040 15 59
Most of this hallway— ceiling, floor, walls have collapsed into the rooms below, leaving many of the servant rooms exposed while making traversal difficult at best. The furthest south doorway still stands—dubiously accessible.

Something has scratched deep rents in the walls here, leaving chunks of construction material hanging off of the walls but not torn fully free.

archie and his "party" continues he opens a door to the bathroom a green thunderbolt fire out and it knocks him back down into the second floor 
he falls down into 
One might be confused looking at the interior of this room, and not merely as a result of the free-floating pieces of red cloth that seem to drift around near the ceiling.

This room is completely absent of furniture, not even furniture debris remains. All that remains of the decor is a perfectly clean wide mirror affixed against the north wall, above where the headboard of the bed would have been.

Pieces of fabric that were clearly cushion upholstery remains, and a once-red duvet that clearly used to sit on the bed. A red carpet....but none of these articles are on the floor. Instead, they hang individually from the ceiling in clusters, suspended by apparently nothing.

archie sees a monster in the refelection of the mirror 
the others look down at you the legion say you need a hand down there 
archie says yes theres a ghost before me i could die from him
door is locked  
legion tosses him a potion he is unable to examine it its red juices splash on archie 
archie feels better he guesses its a potion of healing i still need help they all refuse except bones who jumps down a crunch is herd as bones is injured from jumping 
bones says im here whats going on 
archie says ill protect you theres a monster here 
bones fails to breach the door 
archie thiunks about setting the door ablaze but dosent do it 
archie focuses his energy and shatters the mirror a loud BOOM is herd as the mirror shatters into peices something is freeded from the mirror and it scurry away
archie says ehh ill fix that later 
archie than picks the door open 
archie checks rooms most of them locked one room open he decides to leave door open 
he glances in The contents within are strange. Most of the furniture sitting on the floor of the room appears fine- dusty and mildewed, but not shattered apart or necessarily broken. The blue rug on the floor looks as one might expect- patterned but aged and worn. The blue cushions on the respecting chairs and couches are similarly aged out- but still, the blue dye shows.
he dosent etner looks outside sees legion patrols and black smoke coming from the refurbished greenhouse 
📅 A New Day Dawns
3 Aethel, 1040
Jovias — 🍂 Crimson Fall
☁️ Cloudy, 15°C
archie and bones begin to rest 30 mins past friends not in site 
a spider bites him 
he looks for spider everywhere 
One of the pillows on the Blue Bed features a strange footprint that is similar in size to a human but the wrong shape and facing away from the mirror—As though it had stepped through the wall and onto the bed. Closer examination reveals two more tracks where it had stepped along the bedspread and down onto the floor.
the small itsy bitsy spider is than 
hurls a giant ray of frost at the spider it misses the stationary target it disapears into the wall a secerit hatch if you will none of them notice it 
they decide its pointless chasing the spider 
than he stops 
im done running archie says me too says bones 
he heads into the passage je hurs a firebolt on spider webs in the passage 
Glass crunches underfoot within this wide hallway where it splits north from the east hall. Judging by the two thick pieces of glass held to the wall tenuously by a piece of rusted wire, something shattered the large mirror that once decorated part of the west wall. The rest of this hall is mostly intact, though the five doors within the hallway are in various states of disrepair.
A window at the far end has long since been smashed outward, leaving the northern end exposed to the elements.
he fires through the window shattering it and burning the spider in a giatn fireball they leave the door the itsy bitsy spider is dead 
they end up at there party the regency they appear to be gaurding a door they see a figure fighting a yellow blob in another room  they say they have it udner control dont look 
archie says what are you even talking about 
bones asks archie are you ready for the battle as a ghost flies trhough the wall 
no i am not 
the battle starts 
lucky t fires a bow at the ghost 
bones says forget thoise minis they wont give us an answer 
as he fires his bow at the ghost hitting it once 
Nine-Fingers Keene uses his nine fingers to hit theg host 3 hit 
Gregir Fendelsohn supports him using crossbow bolts duel shot 
Terenzio Cassalanter fires his musket dust covers the whole party 
fighting happens in the other room unkown to the players 

the slime splits in two darno spriggon plunges a rapier into the slime 
it splits in too 
he says he laughs says three eyed slime would hate this 
the mole battles 
a new figure laughs  ill show archie who is really in charge of this party hahaha 
a giant mech crashes through the cieling he gets in it saying lets go bro bot 
THE GREEN THUNDER APPEARS 
Byscilla Danos asks archie if leathal force is autherized to archie  
whats going on Byscilla archie asks 
yes i can a destabliszation event is occuring within a protected magical zone ,
archiee says that tells me nothing 
well there was a lot of emotions going on and they were supressed for quite some time now hes kinda letting them out 
archie says uhhh that sounds kinda vauge i saw a mech fly through killing people 
she says theres a new villian here we have to deafeat.
thunder 
the ghost targest archie he flees bones grabs the ghost gets ectoplasm 
archie does a normal fire bolt goes out of control becomes firebazll bones gets engluffed room collapsing 
nine fingers klee grabs archie saves him as the roof collapses archie does freeze ray and stops roof collapsing 
well you done with your little preade act bystall says  
well the situion speaks for itself 
he sees the giant mech green thunder in it 
bones mentions look likes a legion mech 
bysilista says her plans are as follows 
1. stop the green thunder from harming civilians or god forbid the manor  
2. subdue the slime creatures 
engage directly 
they look for weakpoints 
sees thunder on its amror suit  
maybe a weakpoint 
maybe it will power it up 
archie hands bystall a scroll of fireball 
you know this is against guild protocols 
he puts his hand on her sholder and says it must be done 
bones sees the mole 
oh archie you entered 
lets get this show started shall we the mole snaps his fingers lights come on 
ghosts appear everwhere how is liught working in a ruined manor 
some friends will keep you company he flashes chalk i have a summoning to do he laughs and walks awy 
bro bot activates whoa re you 
i know you you are archie he squishes a slime it splits look how strong i am  
archie says i dont see how that proves your strong care to explain 
the mole runs away with chalk 
archie says be carefull as ninefingers says he has more than 9 knives 
brobot flies over the goo creatures goes next to the party to taunt them 
metal meets meta terenizo fires a musket it rickashes off the armour it flies almost hits archie he says be careful 
mandez attacks the slime behind him it splits another one goes into another room 
archie wonders if it would be agent L but it cant be it can it 
archie focuses his energy and SHATTERS  a radius a wall multiple poeple are alerted ghosts 
archie thinks he has not seen the oraicle in a whiel
bones attack the ghost 
dont hurt me join us in the ghostly galla 
hargram appears from shadows and attacks ghost from behind 
green thunder suprises bones grabs him knocks him uncosnse with a giant fist 
archie says let him go 
from all the way up here the fall would be fatal  green thunder laughs 
archie orders destroy any weak enemy by you than attack 
mendez runs away taps out says he is too weak 
danos spriggion laughs 
nine fingre klee throws dagger at brobot sparks throw out of it 
ternzio punches the gelly his hand goes threw it bystill pushes him away 
📅 A New Day Dawns
4 Aethel, 1040
Venerias — 🍂 Crimson Fall
🌦️ Showers, 12°C
archie focuses goes through your spellbook and disscover some remaining magical power your mana increases 
archie does a magical blast directly at brobot 
he says prehaps i should squeeze a little harder on your friend 
the robot is sparking 
bystiiall grabs a magic shield says this is phase one be ready for this 
brobot laughs as a lazer beam fires directly at archie he goes flying back hitting a wall it goes black 
archie wakes up 
mendeze is treating him 
archie groans 
he says this is your second time 
mendeze says they have green thunder conored he says bring the guys bring the injured to somewhere and get gaurds the be our bodygaurds 
medneze laughs noone will come 
archie drags himself exhausted to the heart of the action he cant just seems hargram a broken robot and mr L out of the robot barking orders dont tend to the wounded he points at hargram holding bones body 
hargram drags bones into the bathroom 
the rest look scared hestate to attack green thunder 
bylista looks focused 
7 22 4 aethstal 
she gets on a transever says hmmhmm and goes invisble walks of 
usefull really usefull mandez says 
archie says he refuse to let the people he cares about get himself killed if im going to fight ill deal iwth it persoinally 
mr L says THUNDER PUNCH AND PUNches rack unconsuse 
mr L suddenly freezes and goes limp 
bystilla says target subdued we have a target and got a signed spell scroll from archie 
she smiles helps archie up leads him into a room with a actrive portal says this is your next mission 
archie lays on a couch asks for bones 
mages guild bring bones uncous hargram says he will take him to be sealed up 
sealed up? 
no no healed up he corrects as he brings bones body downstairs 
darn i should have never trusted the mages archie says 
Darno Spriggon says your mages guild membership just arrived he places it on archie as he winces in pain 
and laughs and walks away 
11 38 4 11 40
archie lays on bench a doctor will come shortly 
have you found speaker L yet 
no we will find them 
find him 
he walks away 
if you get bangged up again you wont recover as easily 
ill go on forver archie says 
archie begins resting 
a stranger walks up to archie staring at him 
he replies ehhs its going good could be worse 
archie sounds the alarms help there is a stranger i feel sad 
toads walk up 
i feel threadtened 
dont worry i wont lay a finger on you 
archie says yeah i will say it was a little bit of an accident who do i own the plesure too 
me?
Parson Pellinost mages guild doctor i was hired to treat you 
archie says your from the mages guild right 
archie calls out to rhak Warol Creeton Manderaz the Mad is this guy real or no 
i dont see how he cant be real how could he get in here this place is protected by magical wards 
so i take it he wasnt sent here from your base 
no i dont recognize him not my troop but if he says hes the guild , hes the guild people dont lie about that 
i hear you but just to be safe can we check for ID 
he produce to archie a folded up crumpled medical card it has his name on it 
Darno Spriggon walks by unnoticed 
he heals archie to prove his power
archie feels better 
he heals archie you are now in my debt 
archie says i want a refund 
refund fine? force goes into archie his health is drained the refund is made he feels bad again  
use my card if you need me anymore 
medic leaves 
archie informs them he says a mirror monster went eastywards mages guild members quickly run off he says eastwards 
archie asks for bodygaurds 
they say theyll send him three body gaurds 
archie talks to Darno Spriggon says he wants to fight monsters 
your in no state to fight but if you wish ill show you a monster 
he sees a giant fireball 
well mr miser what do you tihnk YOUR pure agony manafested into form 
any magical evidence 
the monster chases after him 
he runs 
noone can see the monster only archie he runs upstairs past lucky t 
noone can see it 
he runs the door locks behind him its dark 
come out archie 
the oraicle appears 
heals archie 
that mosnter was my doing i needed to get you alone 
the mages guild are going to use my research my commands to do interdimensional travel on demand not locally you need to stop them 
i engrasiated mytself with them so its my problem 
gaurds barge in halt the oriacle needs to be detained 
archie says do we need to detain him right now he is still of use just observe him 
hmm you have a point 
im engrasiated in the mages guild i may have a bounty on my head but look we should just lay off the ora-
wait you have a bounty on your head is it big 
well  i dont know it may be big
a net is trhown at archie he doges a battle starts 
📅 A New Day Dawns
5 Aethel, 1040
Saturias — 🍂 Crimson Fall
☁️ Cloudy, 17°C
another one charges punche at archie 
do you surrender archie 
after i get one hit in 
archie burns the net and runs as they try to restarin him 
fine fights over 
archie says just relaese the oriacle 
Perrin and Quillathe names now revealed say they need to talk to Beiro
Beiro? you mean like dynos? 
no like - archie walks into the other room midsetnece 
they chase after them wait this barrle person what is he like 
he is the leader of the iron legion chappel here along with the mages guild 
archie knocks 
coming whats the password
the password is sessmi 
sessemi seed 
the door opens 
they look annoyed notice archie and sorrund him 
archie says huh you know mr bowls whoever you are i was going to come  up here to negoatiate your orders regardging the oriacle but it looks like your intregating one of the toads 
your friend hasnt worken up in ages bones is revelaed in bed sleeping 
he hasnt worked up all this time 
archie said i need negoatie something with you regarging the oriacle he hasnt done anything wrong isnt it unfair to detain him when he did nothing wrong is it really bad 
well let you and the oriacle go 
wait really 
what about bones 
he is asleep what are you going to carry him out liek a baby 
hes still one of my guys 
not under the mages guild he isnt 
dang it 
you know what lets play a game archie if you wake him up you can keep him 
archie is handed a orb rejects it. dont you think survanlance is a bit much 
survalance were studying him 
what do you doduce from him 
hmm 
well he has a rare desases maybe 
he has what is called Starlight Fever A magical malady that causes uncontrollable magical surges.
im suprised his eyes didnt start glowing yet 
i hear you but if he has a magical desaess its magic inside him 
hmm maybe even if its quite small 
oriacle interjects there lying starlight fever dosent effect toads 
archie tries to shake bones up 
more legion and mages people enter they are surrneded bones is stil lasleep oriacle gets an idea 
oriacle and bones and archie are sorrunded orialce snaps fingers 
they blink its nothing here than 
You open your eyese in a circular chamber adorned with elaborately carved wooden shelves which extend upwards like stacked bands. The encircling shelves are replete with leather-bound books of assorted colors and shapes. Each stacked tier appears slightly smaller in diameter than the last, as you gaze upwards your vision converges towards a tiny aperature directly overhead beyond which the mesmerizing starscape swirls through a distant pinhole.

In the center of the room, three concentric steps ascend to a circular platform where three grand lecterns stand proudly. Upon the lectern's tilted faces rest tomes with ornate scrollwork, metal locking mechanisms, and other extravagances which immediately mark these as texts which are neither mundane nor ordinary.

The studious tranquility of this chamber is disrupted by the gradual shattering of its floor, like a plate of fine china hurled to the floor slowly breaking into thousands of marble fragments. The stately thread of royal purple carpet rips and tears as it is pulled inexorably apart.


archie apologizes for everyhitng legion, toads failing ritual what can i do for you 
twenty years of agony both oriacles needs to be killed to free the cornvirus curse hes been living in agony the world will move on if nothing happens but he will suffer 
who 
all around us 
what about your friend we cant keep him here forver 
i grabbed a tablet from the legion holding him 
archie reads the tablet starlight fever if fake 
⚠ Official Guild Diagnosis (Disputed)FALSIFIED

Starlight Fever — A magical malady causing uncontrollable magical surges. Patient to be monitored for glowing eyes and arcane discharge. Observation ongoing.

Note: No evidence of Starlight Fever symptoms present at time of examination. Eyes show no luminescence. Zero arcane surge activity detected on standard thaumometer. This diagnosis does not match patient presentation.
✅ Actual Diagnosis (Corrected Record)VERIFIED

Primary Condition:

Somnium Captivus — Induced Arcane Coma via Compound Sedation

ICD Code

ARC-SC-04 / TOX-MIX-B

Onset

Acute — deliberate administration

Duration (est.)

72+ hrs and ongoing

Prognosis

Recoverable — if agent removed

Patient is being held in a state of deep unconsciousness through the use of a dual-layer sedation compound — one mundane, one arcane in origin. This is not a natural sleep or magical illness. The patient has been deliberately kept unconscious. This constitutes unlawful detainment under the Iron Legion Chapels Medical Code, Article 9.
with that agent inside him he will enver wake up 
oriacle send bones back theyll remove the agent i assume if i send him back long enough 
archie thinks for a bit he explores the libarary finds books A torn-out page that used to be Arcane Tethers , Planar Threading, Planar Resonance, Planar Pearls, Quintessence, The Weight of Time, Planar Accretion, Tethered Planes, Accretion Sites.
how old are you oriacle archie asks 
46 in toad years 
enough dilly dallying i should get on with going to the dimensions 
well thats the problem there locked once souls are theatered to it you cant enter or exit until it is destroyed 
why is that a rule 
archie dosent care he will find his own way he says 
oriacle follows him 
All paths converge upon a grand central chamber. Solemn walls ascend, ending in a roofless ceiling open to the starfield sky above.

The chamber is dominated by an ominous tableau which unfolds within its center. On either side of the hall large circular holes are bored into the floor, vanishing into blackness below. These round apertures are encased by bronze wheels whose spokes suspend large crystal formations mounted into a metallic casing. The crystals are wreathed in violent electrical tendrils which discharge from their cores. The western crystal thrums rhythmically with an umbral violet energy. The eastern crystal flashes erratically, emitting volatile orange energy.

The crystal formations which are stationed on either side of the room in metal housings are larger and more brightly glowing versions of crystals you noticed elsewhere in the Planar Sanctum. Perhaps these are the Crystal Tethers that you heard mentioned previously. They seem to be - in some way - the source of the planar energy.

In the center of the chamber at the midpoint between the crystals is a grisly scene. A metal tank, it's glassy face cracked open, lies facing upwards. Behind the tank, a man stands in the exact center of the room. His features are silhouetted by the lightning which cracks and wraps around him. He is enveloped by grasping tendrils of energy which seem to rip and tear at him from both sides.


he puts his hand on the case this is what were fighting for 
whats going on here its buetrful archie says 
this is what the worlds have in store i like this alot 
they continue 
A detached circular chamber drifts with centrifugal entropy as it breaks away from the central platform. Within what remains of this room stand several large glass tanks, three upright against the far wall and another reclined horizontally in the center of the room. A series of large pipes connect the bases of the tank.

A suspended metal walkway is mounted to the south-east wall, upon this raised platform is a block of levers from which someone controlling their operation would have a commanding view over the chamber. Around the tanks you observe a cart and winch for transporting heavy objects as well as a disposal chute which would dump refuse into the abyss beyond.

The tanks are illuminated from within by a strangely luminescent fluid which ripples and glows. Suspended within this concoction are humanoid bodies, malformed, their flesh open with weeping sores or parts of their body ending prematurely in a vestigal limb. Tubes of metal impale their flesh and extend down their open mouths. Their eyes are open, but you cannot tell whether they are living. They make no movement nor does their gaze move to meet yours.


if we do the ritual we wont have to end up in a vat like this 
and what ritual will that be 
the one you failed 
this isnt all of them archie says i know were the other ones you stached 
to answer your question ill do the ritual were exactally to shadowfell 
you realize a month has past your friends might not even be there 
i still have to try we havent left a foot outside the mansion 
i want you to take care of bones while that happens 
quite a burdin upon me 
even if im jelous of what you have dont subject bones to your experments 
fine 
your sure the curse will be lifted 
the curse of cornvius will be lifted 
what will happen if it is 
than we will be free 
lets do the ritual archie says 
get it right this time shadeward we will head to 
wait its shadowfell not shadeward 
my mistake the oriacle says 
“A MONTH in the Shadowfell would break most people! The grey doesn't just drain color—it drains MEANING! are you sure you want to do this mr miser!”
again with the cryptics as long as i can reuinite with my friends 
alright mr archie 
were do you want me to stand oriacle 
your the anchor so stand in the middle 
he begins to light the candles 
this could have a chance of failure 
it could be large 
ill take my chances 
archie and oriacle begin focusing archie as the anachor abosrbs magical power 
orialce looks at him wide eyed it may be too powerful...
well youll be in shadeward were in shadeward i havent got a clue 
5 aethel 1040 
one month earlier 
5 harveswtide 1040 eric dewdrop and embercap peach loyalists rougeport foorest meetingpoint 
here from an informant 
i see a hole a koopa is gaurding it could it be him 
maybe but lets prep first 
just in case an ambush okay 
outside of ruined manor 
4 harvestside 1040 one day before archies secnd plkanar teleportation 
POV new lizardfolk 
are we gaurds or keepers 
keepers i guess were keeping people out right 
and were gaurding this place so were gaurds AND keepers 
mr miser is uncous bystiall reports 
why are we needed than 
because when he wakes up ugly things can happen 
were currently dealing with containging another threat though so if you will i have a plan 
we need all these poeple to get him 
yes do you see how powerufl he is 
who knocked him out 
only a powerful mech user was able to kno- (an explosion is heard)
him out 
my plan is simple were going to summon a spirital anomoly in his mind to scare him upstairs into a trap 
what if he attacks it 
it will be made of fire so he can't attack it 
a monster or 
no  a fire monster since he only uses fire to attack in legend we can use it against him 
he is a fire necormancer he summons people from the dead and lights them on fire 
well does he have more than just fire 
no 
what happens if he fights fire with fire 
he burns 
wont he burn us 
hmm once he uses fire though hell fall into a jursiticaonal trap and we can get a warrent to arrest him 
for what 
unauthrized use of high level spells 
whats a high level spell 
fireball 
what level is that 
high 
they watch archie enter the room and the scene play out fire monster chases him noone notices him he runs upstairs 
toads defaet bystiall in battle she tries to detain them she kneels gives regency full acess to manor 
so your the weak link than the newbee says 
ye- no im not week i got caputred on purpose 
someone comes from behind says were not beating anyone its berio
autherized to arrest  
hold bones behind his back says time to round out all the toads 
toads lucky t and regency troops quickly rounded up and taken 
they head upstairs sequence insuse 
they ask archie to sign a paper to get a warrent on home there all consered dont have jursitication 
as they surrund him 
archie says fir-
cut back hes in the astral alatr 
he sees crystalline structures around him sees a warppad dont remmeeber this from last time archie walks forward into the darkness 
toad god stands before him 
so you come at last 
i had to wait for your friends to be occupied to bring you here 
archie says hello toad prime hows it going 
its going well you ahvent collected a single star shard yet and my plan progress at a steady rate sooner rather than later the world will be mine 
shame archie says good for you 
my minds not in a good headspace 
prehaps i should kill you now archie 
you wont do what i say without a price 
especially with the history we had 
i want you to conitnue your journey head to your friends and collect that star shard i want you to be the one to collect it noone else 
why me i know we wont have any bad blood will we 
tsk a pest has appeard kill him  
the newbee appears falling on the ground 
archie says so if i deal with this guy youll transport me to the world i said to the oraicle 
oh close im not close to him 
i mean in asosisation 
hmm well he is he holds one of my shards and he is doing a piss poor job in gaurding from you guys 
hes gotten too close too frienldy with you 
archie sees the lizardfolk newbee running away he fires a freeze beam at him ice not fire he trips and falls down into a portal it actiavtes 
Hmmm…seems like he's defeated now.archie says 
he got away mr miser 
do i have to chase him 
no no thats what mouse traps are for 
i can offer you something you dont know you want remi signed a contract her eyes will be rotted to the core maybe shell have a third eye like you when were done with her 
archie says its a lot going on he thinks to himself for a moment he dosent care about remi enough to make deals 
so if what your saying is true if i go down this path i cant go down the other right nope 
god toad offers archie to bring it all back in time 
archie remembers the lizard guy he saw he pulls out his parchement draws what he say 
god toad says you rather fight me , 
archie says no as he walks off he chooses his path shadeward manor 
meanwhile 
lizardfolk alone in the pond 
This small seemingly placid pond is teeming with life. Small fish and crustaceans dart about in the shallows, while larger amphibians and reptiles lounge on the lily pads that cover the surface, large enough to hold a person. The water is clear and clean, and a sense of calm permeates the area.
he bites into the frog 
This froglike fish has eyes that seem to hypnotize anyone who looks into them. They are a deep bluish-green color, and they almost seem to glow.
he sotres the frog in his pocket 
